Dear TMS Families, Back to School Night is In Person on Wednesday, September 21st. Please click this link for information and schedule. Picture Day is Friday, September 23rd. Please click this link for ordering information. Thank you! _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
To view this email as a web page, click here September 19, 2022 September 14, 2022 Some helpful preparation Tips from Prestige Photography H.S.A. REVISED! OPEN H.S.A. MEETING Our 1st General Meeting will be VIRTUAL on Thursday, September 22nd at 8 pm Special Guests: Mr. James Morrison, THS Principal Ms. Brenda Yoo, THS Vice Principal Mrs. Jayne Bembridge, THS Director of Guidance Every Member Counts! Our Annual Dues Drive is now underway! THS Home School Association (H.S.A.) dues for the 2022-2023 school year are $50 per family. Dues and donations are now on-line on our website! It's simple and easy. Just click the "Join Us" icon! It Takes a Village! Pay it forward! Any contributions are greatly appreciated! If interested in joining our Project Graduation efforts, email us at thshsapg@gmail.com THS Guidance/Counseling Don't Miss Out! Beginning September 12th, 2022, THS will have College Mini-Fairs every Tuesday and Thursday through the end of October, during lunch in the THS Pitt. Check SCOIR for which colleges visiting schedules! Upcoming Events Monday, September 19 8:00p 2022 - 23 BOE Monthly Public Meeting Wednesday, September 21 7:00p TMS Back-to-School Night Thursday, September 22 9:00a Freshmen Parents Meet & Greet w Guidance via Zoom 7:00p Elementary Back-to-School Night 7:00p Seniors Supplemental Essay Discussion via Zoom 8:00p HSA Open General Meeting UPDATED Friday, September 23 THS Pep Rally Monday, September 26 Rosh Hashanah - TPS Closed Tuesday, September 27 Rosh Hashanah - TPS Closed THS H.S.A. 19 Columbus Drive Tenafly, NJ 07670 tenaflyhighhsa@gmail.com This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly High School HSA . To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflyhighhsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS END-OF-YEAR LETTER TO FAMILIES - JUNE 2022 Dear Tenafly Middle School Families, We hope you had a wonderful and productive year. We want to congratulate our 8th graders and wish them the best as they move onto high school – The Class of 2026. Thank you Mr. Fabbo, Mr. Comey, teachers, faculty, & custodians! Without your help and support year-round, the HSA would not be able to do what we do. As the year has come to an end, we want to acknowledge the following officers who will be leaving TMS. They’ve given countless hours of their time over the years. Lynda Baldini, Co-President. Thank you for your leadership and incredible dedication to making a difference at TMS for the last three years. Best wishes on your future endeavors! Mai Abe-Levin, Co-Treasurer. Thank you for not just being an amazing treasurer and staying in front of the ins and outs of everyday finances including financial reporting, budgeting, and forecasting but also jumping in to help whenever and wherever needed. Your contributions to TMS over the last 3 years have been incredible. Best of luck to you with everything you do! Dianna Sarran, VP of Hospitality. Thank you for your time and devotion to making every staff and teacher event welcoming, beautiful and delicious and for your time and effort assisting in thanking and appreciating our teachers and staff. You will be missed. Best of luck in your future endeavors. Ariella Shoham, VP of Communications. Thank you for creating the connection between TMS administration, TMS families, TMS communities, and TMS students through your efforts in the e-newsletter. Best of luck to you on your next journey! Senada Suma, Secretary. Thank you for keeping our Board minutes and participating in our Board discussions and decisions. Best of luck in the future. A Huge Thank you to All TMS Parents: On behalf of the HSA, we want to thank all the parents for two important contributions to making the HSA successful: Volunteering: Thank you to all the parents who have volunteered their time as well as those who supported our fundraisers and events. Volunteering makes our events a great success. Annual Dues: Thank you for your dues and donations. The annual dues make it possible for us to run planned activities throughout the school year. Specially this year as we treaded through the path to returning to normal, we can't thank you enough for your financial support. We encourage and sincerely request you to continue to support the HSA with your volunteering time and annual dues. The following is a partial list of special projects, programs, and resources that were sponsored/organized by your HSA: * Student Planners - (This is one of HSA's biggest contributions and partnerships with the school and is distributed to every student during the first week of school) * Movie Night * Skate Night * Bingo Night * 6th Grade Halloween Party * ReadAThon * Book Fairs * Support Year-End Parties with Pizza, Drinks, and Ice Cream (e.g., Food and Drinks for 6th and 7th Grade Swim Parties and 8th Grade Yearbook Signing) * Two new outside Picnic Tables * Support of TMS' Production of "The Addams Family" via proceeds from the Playbill * Classroom Stipends * Staff Appreciation events (lunches, breakfasts, treats, and coffee supplies) * Online Membership Toolkit Directory * HSA e-newsletter * Water in the Nurse's Office Without your contributions, these events are not possible! As we look forward to the 2022-2022 school year, the following will be your new HSA Board members: Co- Presidents – Hema Santosh & Anitha Thirunavukarasu Treasurer – Belkis deCastro & Yoonmi Lee VP, Fundraising – Cathy Cruz-Levine & Susie Bae VP, Communications – TBD VP, Hospitality – TBD Secretary - TBD VP, Mobile Directory – Michal Berson VP, Technology -- Jesse Bayer If you would like to get involved with the HSA for next year, we would love to talk to you about volunteer opportunities. ﻿We are looking for a - 6th Grade Parent for a third Co-President - Secretary, - VP, Hospitality - VP, Communication - PASET parent liaison Please reach out at tmshsa17@gmail.com if you are interested in helping in any capacity. Have a great summer and we look forward to seeing you in September! IMPORTANT LINKS https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/home Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com TMS HSA We hope you found this email alert helpful and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane Tenafly, NJ 07670 (201) 816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 Reminder: PIZZA AND ICE CREAM PARTY AFTER SCHOOL TODAY FOR TEAM WINNERS! Congratulatons to our winning teams -- 6 Indigo, 7 Marroon and 8 Green!! For all the participants in 6 Indigo, 7 Maroon and 8 Green who logged over 300 minutes, please stop by the cafeteria after school on Wednesday June 15th from 3:00 to 3:30 to claim your pizza. Additionally, 6 Indigo will also receive their ice cream treat for being the top team at that same time. Last Open HSA Meeting for the School Year-- Tomorrow -- June 16 at 9:00 am! Please join us for the last open HSA meeting which will be held virtually on Thursday, June 16, 2022 at 9:00 am. At our meeting, there will be updates on end of year activities and a presentation by Ms. Paz on ideas to keep your child learning over the summer. Please click here at 9:00 am to join the meeting. We hope to see you there! June 2022 15: Read-A-Thon Pizza Party for Winning Teams @3:00 pm 16: Open HSA Meeting @ 9:00 am 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 pm 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
---------- Forwarded message --------- From: UCDS Communication > Date: Thu, Sep 22, 2022 at 4:00 PM Subject: UCDS Weekly for September 22, 2022 To: > UCDS Weekly for September 22, 2022 On the Calendar SEPTEMBER * TOMORROW! Fri. Sep. 23; 6:30 pm: PGA Family Movie Night* * Sun. Sep. 25: Cross Country Meet (K-5th Grade) * Mon. Sep. 26; 8:15 am: UCDS Fund Kick-Off Courtyard Event * Wed. Sep. 28: 1-2 Field Trip to Seward Park (see this email ) * Wed. Sep. 28; 6:00-7:30 pm: Middle School Night (for 5th-grade families) * Thu. Sep. 29: EE Field Trip to Discovery Park (see this email ) OCTOBER * Sun. Oct. 2: Cross Country Meet (K-3rd Grade) * Tue. Oct. 4; 6:00-8:00 pm: Night to Unite Auction Committee Social (see below for more details) * Wed. Oct. 5; 9:00 am: PGA Community Walk (meet at Greenlake Starbucks)* * Thu. Oct. 6: Make-Up Student Portrait Day (for students who missed portrait day in September) * Fri. Oct. 7; 12:30 pm: Sibling Admission Information Meeting (virtual) * Sun. Oct. 9: Cross Country Meet (4th & 5th Grade) * Wed. Oct. 12; 9:00 am: PGA Community Walk (meet at Greenlake Starbucks)* * Fri. Oct. 14: In-Service Day (No school; no EDP) * Oct. 17, 18, 28: Parent/Guardian Conferences (No school; All-Day EDP available; more info to follow) * Wed. Oct. 19; 9:00 am: PGA Community Walk (meet at Greenlake Starbucks)* * Wed. Oct. 19; 6:30 pm: Equity & Inclusion Virtual Speakers Series with Tiffany Jewel (RSVP here ) * Sat. Oct. 22: UCDServes Whale Scout Restoration Event (more info and RSVP form to come; space is limited)* * Wed. Oct. 26; 9:00 am: PGA Community Walk (meet at Greenlake Starbucks)* *PGA Hosted Events (see PGA News section below for details) FULL UCDS CALENDAR ONE-PAGE KEY DATES Shana Tova to all who celebrate Rosh Hashanah! On this New Year, we wish you good health, happiness, peace, and prosperity. Social Media You Don’t Want to Miss Click on the photos below to be directed to UCDS social media accounts. We also invite you to follow us on Instagram and/or Facebook to stay up-to-date with posts and to see stories each day. When the 3-4s kicked off their cursive studies this week, they did it with flair! Teachers prepared a handful of introductory activities to warm up students’ fine-motor muscles, including this “finger kaleidoscope” exercise. Students and Specialist teachers alike have been DIGging their time together each week, exploring their specialty areas with lots of "DIG"-inspired activities. Here's a sampling of what's been happening over the past few days! Monday morning means "Monday Morning News" in the Labyrinth! Every week, students in our Early Elementary program get to share a weekend highlight through pictures and writing. All School News After-School Clubs It's almost time for Fall Clubs! A catalog of offerings for the fall will be available to browse on Monday, September 26th, and registration will open on Wednesday, September 28th at 8:00 pm. Be on the lookout for an email with the catalog link and additional registration information. Volunteer Opportunities UCDS Fund Kick-Off Courtyard Event Monday, September 26th at 7:45 am Work with a team of parents and UCDS Fund Co-Chairs Breanne Fortun and Heather Proudfoot to hand out coffee and stickers at a courtyard celebration launching the UCDS Fund. Activities will be during drop-off from around 7:45 am to 9:00 am. Email marisaf@ucds.org to RSVP! Night to Unite Auction Committee Social Tuesday, October 4th; 6:00-8:00 pm Night to Unite Co-Chair Ana Flávia Hedrick is hosting an evening at her home on Tuesday, October 4th from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm for Auction Committee members and those interested in getting more involved. Email marisaf@ucds.org for more details and to RSVP! A formal invitation with details will be sent in the coming weeks for those interested. This is another great opportunity to get involved and meet new UCDS parents and guardians! Equity & Inclusion Virtual Speaker Series: Tiffany Jewel The Anti-Racist Kid: Identity, Justice, and Activism October 19th from 6:30-7:45 pm Join us virtually on Wednesday, October 19th from 6:30 pm to 7:45 pm for the first event in our 2022-2023 Virtual Equity & Inclusion Speaker Series! UCDS is proud to partner with local independent schools to bring you Tiffany Jewell, antiracist author, and educator, to discuss how to grow your antiracist consciousness by learning how to take action and work towards creating inclusive, anti-bias antiracist communities that empower all who enter! Learn how to authentically center the voices of those who have been and are too often silenced, ignored, and left out. RSVP HERE Resident Teacher Spotlight UCDS has been growing the next generation of influential educators for over 25 years! The Resident Teacher Program offers a full-time, year-long, immersive classroom teaching experience. Creating a Resident Cohort with diverse perspectives and backgrounds strengthens the quality of each Resident’s experience and our school’s culture. To learn more about the Resident Teacher Program, please visit www.ucds.org/institute/professional-development/resident-teacher-program . During the first weeks of school, we’re introducing you to new folks who have joined our school this year, including our Resident Teachers. Next week, we'll wrap up our Resident Teacher introductions before moving onto our new faculty who have joined us this year. Jasmine Davis (she/they) Jasmine, a native of San Diego, joins our Early Elementary (EE) team this year. They earned degrees in psychology and human development and were a preschool teacher prior to moving to Seattle this summer. They reflected that their most recent classroom experience helped them learn “that it’s so important to meet kids at their level and make them feel comfortable while they learn and adapt at their own pace…I can’t wait to meet and get to know all of the students.” Jasmine loves to learn new things, and so in their spare time lately, they’ve been learning how to play guitar and exploring and learning about Seattle. Welcome, Jasmine! Julia Noble (she/her) Julia is joining our Studio team in our inaugural launch of Resident Teachers in our Infant-Toddler Education Program. She graduated with a B.S. in Psychological Science from the University of Vermont and has a special affinity for her time there—“There is nothing like a Burlington, Vermont, sunset over Lake Champlain - absolutely stunning!” She worked for many years at a summer camp, which helped instill in her the drive as an educator to encourage curiosity and a growth mindset in her students. In her free time, Julia plays soccer twice a week on two adult teams. She also enjoys singing and taking long walks with her dog, Moxie. Welcome, Julia! Korayma Chavez (she/her) Korayma, who also goes by Kory, is excited to join the 1-2 team this year, and “finally see students face-to-face!” She earned her B.A. in Liberal Studies from UC Riverside and her M.Ed. in International Education from the University of Tsukuba in Japan. Kory enjoys traveling, both alone and with friends, though “after being abroad or gone for a while, nothing is more exciting than being home and looking forward to go eat at all your hometown faves. I think for me food is the biggest component that also ties in bringing me feel closer to home and family.” Welcome, Kory! Taylor Young (she/her) Taylor was first inspired to be a teacher when she went through the journey of helping a student learn to read—“Now I can’t wait to start.” She joins the Early Elementary (EE) team after recently graduating from George Washington University with a B.A. in Sociology and minor in Arabic Studies. Originally from New Smyrna Beach, Florida, the shark bite capital of the world(!), Taylor enjoys spending time at the beach, swimming, reading, and bird watching. Welcome, Taylor! Parent Guardian Association News PGA Family Movie Night Students and families are invited to movie night at UCDS this Friday at 6:30 pm! Parent Guardian supervision is required. Light snacks & refreshments are provided (dinner will not be served) RSVP HERE PGA Community Walks in October Please join fellow UCDS parents and guardians for a walk around Greenlake every Wednesday morning in October! Meet at the Greenlake Starbucks at 9:00 am. Walks will begin shortly thereafter. * Wednesday, October 5th * Wednesday, October 12th * Wednesday, October 19th * Wednesday, October 26th We look forward to seeing you at these events! Please contact pga@ucds.org with any questions. PGA HOMEPAGE ON THE FAMILY PORTAL UCDS 5062 9th Ave NE, Seattle, WA 98105 206-547-8237 news@ucds.org www.ucds.org
From: Neha Srivastava Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 9:57 AM To: Neha Srivastava Subject: Fwd: Weekly News from Bellevue Bright Horizons ---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Carol White > Date: Wed, Nov 23, 2016 at 4:15 PM Subject: Weekly News from Bellevue Bright Horizons To: Hello and HAPPY FRIDAY! We hope you all had a fantastic week and enjoy your weekend! Pancake Dinner- Please join us on December 7th for our Pancake Dinner! The event is a great way to kick off the holiday season with a fantastic dinner with your child, cocoa, cider and our very own Chestnut Hill Academy Choir singing carols! at the closing of the event children are given glow flashing snowflake headbands to enjoy the festivities at Snowflake Lane! See the Invitation attached! Parent Referral Program- We have great news! Bright Horizons is offering a $500 referal bonus to any family who refers another family that enrolls by December 16th! We have more information attached for you! Giving Tree- Starting in December we will have a giving tree set up in our lobby. Teaching children the importance of helping others and selfless act of kindness helps grow empathetic children. There will be lots of ways that you can help others during the season. We hope you join in the giving. November Celebrations: At Bellevue we are proud to have so many dedicated teachers that have made this school a second part of their family. So help us celebrate our November anniversaries! * Daisy celebrates her 3rd Anniversary with us! * Dianne Celebrates her 13th Anniversary with us! * Bistra Celebratese her 16th Anniversary with us! * Cindy Celebrated her Birthday on the 12th! * Lourdes & Megan Celebrate their Birthdays on the 21st! * Sachi Celebrates her Birthday on the 22nd! * Kaylynn Celebrates her Birthday on the 30th! * This month we welcome Our New Leadership Member, Susie Keenan & a part time cook, Xin Li & Pooja to PreK! Upcoming Events: November 24th & 25: CLOSED for Thanksgiving Holiday December 7th: Pancake Dinner Leadership Schedule - Here's a quick look at what the next two weeks will look like: Week of November 28th- Susie will be out at noon on Wednesday & Thursday. Carol will be out Thursday and Friday at meetings. Mallory and Cindy will be here all week to support you! Week of December 5th- Susie will be out at Noon on Wednesday. Cindy will be at a Microsoft Benefit Fair on Monday and out on Thursday and Friday for Jury duty:) Carol White, Director (425)450-1303 bell@brighthorizons.com Make a difference, Click Here when you shop on Amazon. A percentage of your purchase will go to support the Bright Horizons Foundation for Children "Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me." Fred Rogers _____ Bright Horizons Children's Centers LLC., 200 Talcott Avenue South, Watertown MA 02472 USA Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited (Co. No. 2328679), r/o 2 Crown Court, Rushden, Northamptonshire NN10 6BS UK This e-mail and any attachments to it are intended only for the addressee and may contain information which is confidential and/or legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete the material from any computer and any printout thereof. Bright Horizons cannot guarantee that this e-mail communication is secure or free of error. No liability is accepted for any viruses or for any corruption, amendment to or deletion of or from this e-mail.
It's Back-to-School Night! We are looking forward to seeing everyone. Please be sure to follow your student's B day schedule. Please click this link for information and schedule. Grade 6 Parents/Guardians - A quick reminder that Reach Out field trip permission forms and payment are due on Friday. Click Here _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
Hello Tenafly parents, The Tenafly Middle School cross-country team will be having its first practice tomorrow September 13th from 3pm-4pm. If the weather permits we will meet outside on the track. If it is raining more than a drizzle we will meet inside the old gym for attendance and have a shortened practice which will end at 3:30pm. If your child would like to participate on the team please be sure to have followed the registration process as it appears on the Tenafly athletic page also found at the following link: https://www.tenaflyschools. org/Page/15567 PDFs of the requisite medical forms can also be found on that page. Please complete the medical forms as soon as possible and hand them into our new school nurse, Nurse Rueger. Following an approval from our school physician your child will be able to participate in practice. Until the forms are officially approved a student may not physically participate in practice but can attend and observe if they wish. Practices are held Tuesdays-Fridays from 3pm-4pm with most meets being Thursdays at 4:15pm. Once a student appears on my approved roster I will send out a more detailed practice/meet schedule. We are looking forward to a great new season as we look to build on our success of last year. Let me know if I can be of further assistance. With Tiger Pride, Coach DeJoseph _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 23, 2022 Lsst Chance to Send Staff and Teacher Gifts through GiftCrowd Need an End-Of-Year Teacher or Support Staff Gift? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is TODAY, Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4/22 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. June 2022 23: Last Day of School & Clap Out July 2022 4: Last Day to Order School Supplies with Free Shipping Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Lihi Lutan Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 12:01 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject:
To view this email as a web page, click here September 12, 2022 H.S.A. Every Member Counts! Our Annual Dues Drive is now underway! THS Home School Association (H.S.A.) dues for the 2022-2023 school year are $50 per family. Dues and donations are now on-line on our website! It's simple and easy. Just click the "Join Us" icon! Our Annual Fundraiser Begins! Pay it forward! Any contributions are greatly appreciated! If interested in joining our Project Graduation efforts, email us at thshsapg@gmail.com OPEN H.S.A. MEETING Our 1st General Meeting will be on Thursday, September 22nd at 8 pm In-Person at THS Library Media Center Special Guests: Mr. James Morrison, THS Principal Ms. Brenda Yoo, THS Vice Principal Mrs. Jayne Bembridge, THS Director of Guidance There will be a THS Guided Tour led by Mr. Morrison after the meeting. THS Fall Play 2022 Auditions are September 13th! Auditions for THS' Fall Play, Love/Sick by John Cariani, will be held this Tuesday, September 13th from 3 - 6 pm. Callbacks will be Wednesday, September 14th from 3 - 6 pm. More information for students interested in joining the cast can be found on the Google classroom. Click on the image for the STUDENT invite link. Guidance/Counseling SENIOR FAMILIES Join Mrs. Jane Weisfelner, THS' College Counselor, for a brief SCOIR tutorial and information on the college application process this Thursday, September 15th at 7PM. Updated Zoom will be shared later. Don't Miss Out! Beginning September 12th, 2022, THS will have College Mini-Fairs every Tuesday and Thursday through the end of October, during lunch in the THS Pitt. Check SCOIR for which colleges visiting schedules! Upcoming Events Monday, September 12 8:00p 2022 - 23 BOE Monthly Work Session Meeting Wednesday, September 14 Seniors College App/SCOIR Meeting - STUDENTS ONLY 7:00p 2022 - 23 BOE Retreat 8:00p 2022 - 23 TEF Monthly Meeting Thursday, September 15 7:00p Senior Parents College Kick-Off/SCOIR via Zoom Monday, September 19 8:00p 2022 - 23 BOE Monthly Public Meeting THS H.S.A. 19 Columbus Drive Tenafly, NJ 07670 tenaflyhighhsa@gmail.com This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly High School HSA . To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflyhighhsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Lihi Lutan Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 12:02 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject:
From: Lihi Lutan Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 12:00 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject:
Sorry for the typo! TMS Back-to-School night is September 21 at 6:30 - not on the first. Thank you, John Fabbo Principal, Tenafly Middle School _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
Dear THS Community, I wanted to provide a quick update on the Tenafly High School Club Fair. Currently, THS has 26 clubs with paid stipends that are meeting. Although our volunteer-run clubs are not meeting at this time, I am hopeful that these clubs will resume soon. With this in mind, we plan to hold our club fair in mid-October, highlighting all active clubs. Thank you for your patience as we plan this highly-anticipated student activity. Please feel free to reach out to me directly with any questions or concerns. Jim Morrison Principal _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly High School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly High School | 19 Columbus Drive, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-6600
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 Messages from TMS -- 8th Grade Reminders 8th Grade Trip to Dorney Park The 8th grade trip to Dorney Park will take place on Monday, June 20th. Students must be at TMS by 7:45 am to catch the buses. Permissions slips are due by TODAY, June 14, 2022. Please click here for the permission slip and more information. TMS 8th Grade Promotion Information Dear 8th Grade Parents/Guardians, You are cordially invited to attend our Annual Eighth Grade Promotion Ceremony on Tuesday, June 21, 2022 at 6:00pm on Geissinger Field. For additional information, click here June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 20: Dorney Park Trip 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 22: Yearbook Signing 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
September 21, 2022 Dear Parents and Guardians, Today, the students and staff in our school successfully participated in a school security drill. In accordance with updated guidelines for schools, this email is being sent out to inform you that a safety and security drill took place. New Jersey State Law specifies that all public schools must engage in monthly regular safety and security drills. We will continue to review as well as practice essential safety/security routines and procedures throughout the course of the school year. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, James Morrison Principal, Tenafly High School _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly High School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly High School | 19 Columbus Drive, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-6600
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA REMINDER! Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 Messages from TMS -- 8th Grade Reminders 8th Grade Trip to Dorney Park The 8th grade trip to Dorney Park will take place on Monday, June 20th. Students must be at TMS by 7:45 am to catch the buses. Permissions slips are due by TODAY, June 14, 2022. Please click here for the permission slip and more information. TMS 8th Grade Promotion Information Dear 8th Grade Parents/Guardians, You are cordially invited to attend our Annual Eighth Grade Promotion Ceremony on Tuesday, June 21, 2022 at 6:00pm on Geissinger Field. For additional information, click here June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 20: Dorney Park Trip 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 22: Yearbook Signing 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Forwarding some of the emails we got this years from Jai & Riya’s school, also from Lwsd. Thanks, Sumita Begin forwarded message: From: hcobb@lwsd.org Date: September 2, 2022 at 4:46:45 PM PDT To: sumita_chauhan@yahoo.com Subject: MESSAGE FROM MR. HOWDEN: FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 2ND Reply-To: hcobb@lwsd.org ﻿This email is regarding: JAI SINGH. ----------------------------------------------- September 2, 2022 Hello Parents, It was great seeing our students and families at yesterday’s “Meet and Greet” event. We look forward to the first day of school next Tuesday! I’m sure your student is excited as well! Attached to this email is important information and reminders regarding next week and the beginning of the year. Please take a moment to read through so you and your student have a great start to the school year. With regards to communication, parents will receive two monthly email updates from me. One will come at the beginning of the month in the form of our “McAuliffe Monthly” newsletter. This newsletter will also include updates from our specialists and counselor. The second email will be mid-month and be a principal-only update. Please make sure to read through these updates so you are caught up on all that is going on at McAuliffe. Take care, Brady Howden Principal Christa McAuliffe Elementary _____ District: LAKE WASHINGTON SCHOOL DISTRICT District Web Site: State: WA District Code: 17414 **Starting August 15, STUDENT Login IDs will change to be a student's computer login.** _____
All students are invited to attend the Club Fair to meet the advisors, learn more about the clubs, and to sign up! When? Thursday, September 29 Time? Immediately after school Where? TMS gym The Club Fair is for Students only. You can see the Club List on our website - click here. _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
To view this email as a web page, click here REMINDER Picture Day - Tomorrow Messages from TMS TMS Picture Day Friday, September 23 There are two ways to order: * Order on-line at mylifetouch.com using Picture Day ID: EVTPM9VQX * Students bring in a completed form with the exact payment to hand in on Picture Day Click here for more details We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 23, 2022 Lsst Chance to Send Staff and Teacher Gifts through GiftCrowd Need an End-Of-Year Teacher or Support Staff Gift? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is TODAY, Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4/22 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. June 2022 23: Last Day of School & Clap Out July 2022 4: Last Day to Order School Supplies with Free Shipping Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 Reminder: PIZZA AND ICE CREAM PARTY AFTER SCHOOL TODAY FOR TEAM WINNERS! Congratulatons to our winning teams -- 6 Indigo, 7 Marroon and 8 Green!! For all the participants in 6 Indigo, 7 Maroon and 8 Green who logged over 300 minutes, please stop by the cafeteria after school on Wednesday June 15th from 3:00 to 3:30 to claim your pizza. Additionally, 6 Indigo will also receive their ice cream treat for being the top team at that same time. Last Open HSA Meeting for the School Year-- Tomorrow -- June 16 at 9:00 am! Please join us for the last open HSA meeting which will be held virtually on Thursday, June 16, 2022 at 9:00 am. At our meeting, there will be updates on end of year activities and a presentation by Ms. Paz on ideas to keep your child learning over the summer. Please click here at 9:00 am to join the meeting. We hope to see you there! June 2022 15: Read-A-Thon Pizza Party for Winning Teams @3:00 pm 16: Open HSA Meeting @ 9:00 am 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 pm 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear Tenafly Middle School Parents and Guardians, Welcome to the 2022-2023 school year at TMS! Mr. Comey, Ms. Paz and I are looking forward to welcoming almost 900 students (888 as of today) and 140 staff members. We are excited to kick off a new school year filled with learning, socializing, and growth. School is the greatest place in the world and we are ready to make this an amazing year. Please click here for the Welcome Back Packet with everything you’ll need to know to get ready for the upcoming school year. Students will be getting their schedules on the first day of school, September 6th! Remember that the first day is a half day for students so that we can focus only on our 6th graders in the morning. Seventh and eighth graders come in the afternoon. Lunch service will begin on the second day. For all returning families, welcome back to Tenafly Middle School. For all new families including new sixth graders (THS Class of 2029!) and new-to-Tenafly people, welcome to our wonderful school. We are confident that in a few weeks you will feel the magic, spirit, and positive energy that make our school one of the best anywhere. Some other things to consider and upcoming events * Drive Slowly and Safely when You are Near the School!!! * Review and update your settings for receiving Blackboard notifications. * Grade 6 Meet and Greet for students is August 30 at 10:00 AM. * New-to-Tenafly orientation is August 30 at 2:00 PM. * Back-to-School Night is September 1 at 6:30 PM. * Picture Day is September 23. * Schools are closed September 26 and 27 in observance of Rosh Hashanah. * The Club Fair for students will be held after school on September 29. * October 11 is a Professional Day for staff, no school for students. * October 12 is our 6th Grade Reach Out Trip. * Reach Out is now an extended day trip to Club Getaway in Kent, CT. * We leave TMS at 7:30 AM and return at 8:30 PM. * Team-building and meeting new friends are the goals for the day so that all of our students feel comfortable, safe and connected during the year-more information to come. Call for Parent/Guardian Volunteers This year, we are instituting a Parent/Guardian Support Team focused on building a positive climate and improving student behavior and use of language. After COVID, we need to help students rebuild and strengthen their filters. When one enters a public space, a filter should snap into place that changes how one behaves and speaks. Last year, we noticed that some of these filters were nonexistent. Students need our help to reinstall the school filter. With feedback and support from our parent community, we know this effort will be successful. Email Ms. Saxenian at lsaxenian@tenafly.k12.nj.us if you are interested in being on this team. _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
From: Lihi Lutan Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 12:00 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject:
Thanks, Sumita Begin forwarded message: From: hcobb@lwsd.org Date: September 2, 2022 at 4:48:45 PM PDT To: sumita_chauhan@yahoo.com Subject: Welcome Message from Library, PE and Music Reply-To: hcobb@lwsd.org ﻿This email is regarding: JAI SINGH. ----------------------------------------------- Dear Parents, Find attached a Welcome Message from our Library, Music and PE Teachers. Have a wonderful weekend! _____ District: LAKE WASHINGTON SCHOOL DISTRICT District Web Site: State: WA District Code: 17414 **Starting August 15, STUDENT Login IDs will change to be a student's computer login.** _____
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 It's Time to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 6/19 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. GiftCrowd is Back! Looking For An End-Of-Year Gift For Teachers & Support Staff? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here Tenafly Middle School- HSA NEWSLETTER September 21, 2022 Messages from HSA Welcome to the 2022-23 School Year Hope your first couple of weeks at school went well and everyone is back to the routine after a great summer... Due to a technical glitch with our Membership ToolKit platform, we sincerely apologize for the delay in sending our newsletter. Join the TMS HSA Board! TMS is currently looking for parent volunteers for the HSA Board for the 2022-2023 school year. Open positions include: * 6th Grade Co-President (incoming 6th-grade parent) * VP of Hospitality (responsible for organizing staff appreciation events) * VP of Fundraising (to help plan and coordinate fundraising) and, * A Secretary (to keep HSA Board minutes). If you would like to volunteer for any of these positions or obtain more information on them or other volunteer opportunities with the HSA, please reach out to tmshsa17@gmail.com ! Messages from TMS Welcome Back! TMS Back-to-School Night-In Person Wednesday, September 21, 2022 Please click the link below for the schedule or come prepared with a printed copy of your student's schedule or you can pull it up on your phone. Since Wednesday is a B day, we will follow the B day schedule which only affects the PE and Integrated Arts classes. The only exception will be performing music. If your student is in the orchestra, band, or chorus, please attend that class even if it meets on A day. Click here for more details. TMS Picture Day Friday, September 23 There are two ways to order: * Order on-line at mylifetouch.com using Picture Day ID: EVTPM9VQX * Students bring in a completed form with the exact payment to hand in on Picture Day Click here for more details Messages from Tenafly Community Upcoming Events Wednesday, September 21 TMS Back-to-School Night Friday, September 23 TMS Picture Day Monday, September 26 Schools Closed (Rosh Hashanah) Tuesday, September 27 Schools Closed (Rosh Hashanah) Wednesday, September 28 7:00p Virtual TMS HSA Open Meeting Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Wisam Hirzalla Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 9:10 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject: Fwd: CHA Campus Updates September 23rd Begin forwarded message: From: Chestnut Hill Academy > Date: September 23, 2022 at 4:03:18 PM PDT To: wisam.hirzalla@gmail.com Subject: CHA Campus Updates September 23rd Reply-To: no-reply@chestnuthillacademy.com ﻿ IN THIS UPDATE Important Upcoming Dates Holly's Message Book Fair Family Feature Student Spotlight Meet the CHA Chefs DEI Feature COVID Count Front Desk for Conferences High Five Fridays What's for Lunch this Month? CHA Car Park Specialists' Newsletter Admissions & Parent Referral Program Summer Superstars New Staff Reminders IMPORTANT UPCOMING DATES September 28: 3rd Grade Social @ Dave & Busters September 28,29, 30: Goal-Setting Conferences No School, Childcare Provided September 30: October Lunch Orders Due October 4: Parent Wiser The Science of Self-Actualization October 10: School Picture Day – Dress Uniform Required October 10 – 14: Book Fair October 14: Fall Festival October 20: Diwali Celebration October 21: Professional Development Day – No School, No Childcare October 24: School Picture Retakes – Dress Uniform Required October 26: Middle School Presentation November 2: Ski Orientation November 5: 2nd Grade Social @ Snohomish Aquatic Center November 11: End of Trimester November 16-18: Online Parent Teacher Conferences – No School, Childcare Provided November 21-23: Thanksgiving Break – No School, Childcare Provided November 24 & 25: Thanksgiving – No School, No Childcare Dear CHA Community, We are all given free will to choose whether we will lend a hand. Helping one another is one of the greatest things that connect us. When our children see us volunteer and participate within our school, they see us modeling the importance of servant leadership, a practice that focuses on the well-being of others without expecting something in return. The mindset of the life you live is the lesson you teach is a powerful gift to share with our children as they watch, mimic, and learn from our actions. Today we came together to celebrate as a community. The energy and excitement were palpable. Many years from now, this shared experience will be remembered as an important moment in student’s lives. It will not be because of how many toe tokens they had, how much money was raised or how many laps they walked and instead will focus on the people they spent their time with. This celebration is one more step towards fostering a sense of community and returning to the CHA traditions that have been missed and are at the heart of who we are. Your participation and support are invaluable and make up this remarkable community for our young leaders to learn from. Warm Regards, Holly Senaga BOOK FAIR - OCTOBER 10th - 14th After 2 long years, CHAPTER is truly excited to bring back the Scholastic Book Fair in person! The Book Fair will be open Monday, October 10th through Friday, October 14th, including during the Fall Festival. The committee has its own Book Fair Homepage on the CHA website where you can find out more information about the Book Fair. They also have lots of fun ideas for engaging parents in promoting student readership via the Team’s Book Fair Channel. To view this year’s featured books, check out the Scholastic Digital Flyer. Please keep an eye out for the flyers coming home today in the Friday Folders. We need parent volunteers! Please sign up here to help: Book Fair Volunteer Sign-Up. FAMILY FEATURE In today’s Campus Updates, we’d love to introduce you to the Yakimakha family, new to CHA and continuing their Bright Horizons journey as their son joined kindergarten this year. Q: What are some of the things that you enjoy doing as a family? A: Visiting places and going to playgrounds. Q: What are some favorite words of wisdom in your family, or values that you try to live by? A: Be kind. We value integrity, honesty and kindness. Q: What is your family's favorite meal? A: Grilled sausages with potatoes and salad. Q: What is your favorite thing about CHA? A: CHA provides a comprehensive approach to child development while supporting working parents in all the right ways. STUDENT SPOTLIGHT - ADAM Adam is in fifth grade. He is a caring person and he cares about other people and animals. He went to the food bank to help pack the food in the summer holidays. At home, he helped mom to take care of the family member – an 18 year-old cat - until the cat’s last day for 7 months. He helped feed the cat medicine every day and assisted in giving the cat Sub Q liquid shot three times a week because Mom couldn’t do it by herself. Adam enjoys outdoor activities. He started hiking when he was only a few years old. He already went backpacking when he was 5 years old. During the first summer of the pandemic, he went hiking almost every week: Mt Si, Bandera Mt, Granite Mt, Mt Tiger cable line, Rainer NP, Olympic NP, etc.. His footprints were from the beach to the mountains. This year because of other activities, he didn’t do that much hiking, but he still did backpacking and some day hiking. Adam is very interested to learn new knowledge, especially about nature. In June this year, when he went hiking with his parents, he saw lots of ferns on the way and told the parents that fern leaves could help stinging nettle burns – he just learned that from CHA 4th grade Pioneer Farm field trip. On the way back, mom’s finger unfortunately was scratched by a stinging nettle and she used the remedy Adam just taught. It was magic that the burn stopped right away. Mom was very happy since she didn’t know about this nature remedy! Submitted by Grace Guan. MEET THE CHA CHEFS Our kitchen is kicking off the year strong with 60-67% of our student population ordering lunch on any given day, and the kitchen team can often be found preparing very thoughtfully planned and well-rounded meals, smiling and chatting with students as they move through the lunch line, and on occasion, even dancing in the kitchen. Executive Chef Liam Spence, Sous Chef Mark McClure, Chef Mackenzy Menendez, and Chef Matt Silas have made it their mission to create the next generation of foodies while providing high-quality, nutritious meals. This year, Chef Liam has continued to address supply chain issues by bringing in additional vendors such as Yianni’s for Mediterranean products, Select Gourmet Foods for protein, and Key City Fish for small production protein, and holistically raised animals. Students have the opportunity to hear about the lunch menu each day during morning announcements, and we also welcome parent conversation and connection as you ask your children about their dining experiences and favorite foods. DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION FEATURE Just like literature, theatre can be a powerful conversation starter and tool for expanding the world for young children, and for creating a greater understanding of different perspectives. Seattle Children’s Theatre is bringing its magic back to the stage and has introduced its 2022-23 line-up, which has productions planned such as “The Boy Who Kissed the Sky”, about the early life and influences of Seattle native and musical icon Jimi Hendrix, “BXBXKids! Asks Why”, which uses embodied poetry, American Sign Language, and puppets to explore conversations about the black experience in America, "Carmela Full of Wishes”, based on the book of the same title by Newbery Medal and Caldecott Honor-winning author Matt de la Pena and illustrator Christian Robinson, “Paige in Full”, the story of a multicultural girl growing up in Baltimore who is desperate to fit in and find her voice, and “Havana Hop”, about a girl who visits her grandmother in Cuba to explore her heritage. The website offers age recommendations for each production, running time, and performance date. REMINDERS Car Park Volunteers - Mrs. Senaga could really use some help directing traffic in the morning! We have sign ups open for September and October if you are available to spend a little time assisting folks navigate the car park safely. October Lunch Orders - The October Lunch Order Form is open now. You can find it here. The deadline for ordering is Friday, September 30th. Extracurriculars - No updates at this time. Brivo Support - We have upgraded our security system to use the Brivo Mobile Pass app. We have created a Tech Tips > Brivo page for you to refer to if you need help setting it up. Invitation to Student Spotlight – We’re excited to celebrate our students' accomplishments. Every student is welcome to submit their name, information about their event and a picture to smorlidge@chestnuthillacademy.com by Thursdays at 2 pm and they will be added to our weekly Campus Updates. Invitation to Family Feature – We'd love to introduce you to our CHA community! Please take a moment to fill out the Form here to share a bit about your family. Photos are very welcome and can be dropped into the folder on Teams here. ISEE and SSAT Test Prep Sessions - Eastside Catholic School hosts complimentary entrance exam preparation classes during the fall led by Test Innovators. Test prep classes are available on Saturdays between 9.24.22 and 10.15.22. Register here. Seats are limited! Q's? Email Anastasia Bennett SNIPPETS COVID Count - This week we had one student or staff test positive. Front Desk for Conferences – Due to continued renovations in the front lobby, our “front desk” will be operating out of the lower lobby during conferences (Sept. 28-30). If you are entering the school for conferences or dropping off for camp, please park and walk to the lower entrance and check in there. Staff will be there to help direct you and walk your children to the appropriate classrooms. Some classrooms will be receiving new flooring as well, so they will also be closed for construction. If you have any questions about camp, please email our Camp Team. For questions about conference locations, please reach out to your child’s homeroom teacher. High Five Fridays - Two weeks ago, 5th grader Siena F approached Mrs. Senaga to schedule a meeting about an idea she had heard about at her sister’s school. They met and Siena introduced the idea of High Five Fridays in which the Head of School and 5th graders would welcome students to the school that day with a high five. The program began today and was well received by students and parents alike. This initiative is an example of students using their voices to implement a program that positively impacts our school community. The high five began in 1977 at Dodger Stadium when Glenn Burke high-fived Dusty Baker a fellow outfielder after he hit a home run. What’s for Lunch This Month? – Thanks to an excellent suggestion from CHA parent Courtney, we have changed the What’s for Lunch header on the Calendar page to a button that will show you a printable version of the menu for the month we are in. If you have a suggestion for ways we can improve the website, please email support@chestnuthillacademy.com. Parent Wiser: The Science of Self-Actualization October 4 - Would you like to know how to help your children realize their potential and thrive? Join us for an evening with Scott Barry Kaufman, renowned humanistic psychologist, and cognitive scientist. Register here. CHA Car Park – If you park in any of the spots within the yellow box in the diagram below, you have to exit following the direction of the arrows. It is a one-way system, all day, every day, even when no one is looking (except they are because we have a camera out there). It is also never ok to park in the traffic lanes, even if you have your hazard lights on. Finally, please NEVER reverse in carline; it is very dangerous if there are staff or students crossing behind. Thank you for helping make the CHA Car Park a safer place. ADMISSIONS AND PARENT REFERRAL PROGRAM CHA is currently accepting applications for the 2023-24 school year, and our application deadline is January 13, 2023. Currently enrolled students do not need to reapply for admissions. We appreciate parents who have recommended CHA to their family and friends, as well as continuing to entrust their children’s education to us. Parents who made family referrals whose children that resulted in a place being accepted will receive a referral bonus of $250 per family. We we recommend that you direct any interested friends to the admissions section of our website or to reach out to admissions@chestnuthillacademy.com for more information. Thank you for your recommendations! SUMMER SUPERSTARS Congratulations to the Summer Superstars! The students who completed their summer reading, math and writing activities have a star on our hallway Leader in Me bulletin board. A green star is for reading, a pink star is for math and a yellow star is for writing. Kindergarten: James L. (reading, writing), Soren (reading), James H. (math), Eunie (math, reading, writing), Judy Z (math, reading, writing), Yikai (math, reading, writing), Yining (math, reading, writing), Bridger (math, reading, writing), Sylvie J (writing, reading, math), Brenton (math, reading), Daniel I (math, writing, reading), Ameya (math, writing, reading), Chloe S. (math, writing, reading). 1st Graders: Amos (writing), Sawyer (reading), Emma W (math, writing, reading) 2nd Graders: Matteo (writing, reading), Vihaan (writing, reading) 3rd Graders: AJ (reading, math), Sophie Z (reading, writing), Tenley (reading). 4th Graders: Janice (writing, reading), Ethan Y (reading, writing), Andrea (writing, reading, math), Caleb (math, reading), Alexis (writing, math, reading), Rameses (math, reading, writing), Ahana (math), Chloe E (reading) 5th Graders: Owen F. (writing, reading) Stacey S. (reading, writing), Katherine (math), Siena (reading, math) PLEASE WELCOME NEW STAFF We are delighted to introduce you to our new Maintenance Man, Juan Delacruz who has been working very hard since he started in the summer to get the building spruced up. Say 'Hi' to him if you see him in carline! Allison Plamondon has joined us as a Substitute Teacher/IA. She recently graduated from Seattle University with her Masters in Teaching Degree, and has a degree in IDLS with an Elementary Education emphasis at Seattle U. When she is not working, her favorite things to do are scrapbooking and open water swimming. Last, but by no means least, Delaney Bush will be working with us as a part-time Instructional Assistant while she finishes her Bachelor's degree in Psychology and Sociology at the University of Oregon. Juan Delacruz Allison Plamondon Delaney Bush © 2021 Chestnut Hill Academy | 13633 SE 26th Street | Bellevue | WA 98005 Unsubscribe Link
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS END-OF-YEAR LETTER TO FAMILIES - JUNE 2022 Dear Tenafly Middle School Families, We hope you had a wonderful and productive year. We want to congratulate our 8th graders and wish them the best as they move onto high school – The Class of 2026. Thank you Mr. Fabbo, Mr. Comey, teachers, faculty, & custodians! Without your help and support year-round, the HSA would not be able to do what we do. As the year has come to an end, we want to acknowledge the following officers who will be leaving TMS. They’ve given countless hours of their time over the years. Lynda Baldini, Co-President. Thank you for your leadership and incredible dedication to making a difference at TMS for the last three years. Best wishes on your future endeavors! Mai Abe-Levin, Co-Treasurer. Thank you for not just being an amazing treasurer and staying in front of the ins and outs of everyday finances including financial reporting, budgeting, and forecasting but also jumping in to help whenever and wherever needed. Your contributions to TMS over the last 3 years have been incredible. Best of luck to you with everything you do! Dianna Sarran, VP of Hospitality. Thank you for your time and devotion to making every staff and teacher event welcoming, beautiful and delicious and for your time and effort assisting in thanking and appreciating our teachers and staff. You will be missed. Best of luck in your future endeavors. Ariella Shoham, VP of Communications. Thank you for creating the connection between TMS administration, TMS families, TMS communities, and TMS students through your efforts in the e-newsletter. Best of luck to you on your next journey! Senada Suma, Secretary. Thank you for keeping our Board minutes and participating in our Board discussions and decisions. Best of luck in the future. A Huge Thank you to All TMS Parents: On behalf of the HSA, we want to thank all the parents for two important contributions to making the HSA successful: Volunteering: Thank you to all the parents who have volunteered their time as well as those who supported our fundraisers and events. Volunteering makes our events a great success. Annual Dues: Thank you for your dues and donations. The annual dues make it possible for us to run planned activities throughout the school year. Specially this year as we treaded through the path to returning to normal, we can't thank you enough for your financial support. We encourage and sincerely request you to continue to support the HSA with your volunteering time and annual dues. The following is a partial list of special projects, programs, and resources that were sponsored/organized by your HSA: * Student Planners - (This is one of HSA's biggest contributions and partnerships with the school and is distributed to every student during the first week of school) * Movie Night * Skate Night * Bingo Night * 6th Grade Halloween Party * ReadAThon * Book Fairs * Support Year-End Parties with Pizza, Drinks, and Ice Cream (e.g., Food and Drinks for 6th and 7th Grade Swim Parties and 8th Grade Yearbook Signing) * Two new outside Picnic Tables * Support of TMS' Production of "The Addams Family" via proceeds from the Playbill * Classroom Stipends * Staff Appreciation events (lunches, breakfasts, treats, and coffee supplies) * Online Membership Toolkit Directory * HSA e-newsletter * Water in the Nurse's Office Without your contributions, these events are not possible! As we look forward to the 2022-2022 school year, the following will be your new HSA Board members: Co- Presidents – Hema Santosh & Anitha Thirunavukarasu Treasurer – Belkis deCastro & Yoonmi Lee VP, Fundraising – Cathy Cruz-Levine & Susie Bae VP, Communications – TBD VP, Hospitality – TBD Secretary - TBD VP, Mobile Directory – Michal Berson VP, Technology -- Jesse Bayer If you would like to get involved with the HSA for next year, we would love to talk to you about volunteer opportunities. ﻿We are looking for a - 6th Grade Parent for a third Co-President - Secretary, - VP, Hospitality - VP, Communication - PASET parent liaison Please reach out at tmshsa17@gmail.com if you are interested in helping in any capacity. Have a great summer and we look forward to seeing you in September! IMPORTANT LINKS https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/home Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com TMS HSA We hope you found this email alert helpful and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane Tenafly, NJ 07670 (201) 816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
My apologies for the multiple errors on dates! Thank you to our parent community for reaching out to us and letting us know. Schools are closed for students on Oct. 10 and Reach Out for 6th graders is Oct. 11. * Grade 6 Meet and Greet for students is August 30 at 10:00 AM. * New-to-Tenafly orientation is August 30 at 2:00 PM. * Back-to-School Night is September 21 at 6:30 PM. * Picture Day is September 23. * Schools are closed September 26 and 27 in observance of Rosh Hashanah. * The Club Fair for students will be held after school on September 29. * October 10 is a Professional Day for staff, no school for students. * October 11 is our 6th Grade Reach Out Trip. * Reach Out is now an extended day trip to Club Getaway in Kent, CT. * We leave TMS at 7:30 AM and return at 8:30 PM. * Team-building and meeting new friends are the goals for the day so that all of our students feel comfortable, safe and connected during the year-more information to come. _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Middle School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Middle School | 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4900
Having issues? open this email in a browser Welcome to the 2022-2023 School Year The excitement that comes with the start of a new school year hangs in the air! It was wonderful to see our classrooms and offices filled with activity on Opening Day 2022. Students and staff definitely brought the sunshine on an otherwise rainy day. A special shout out and thank you to our year-round staff who worked tirelessly over the summer to ensure that the start of the school year was as clean and smooth as possible. We appreciate all that you do! Based on your feedback, Let's Talk TPS will be moving to a bimonthly distribution. Our newsletter will still be sent mid-week and contain news from around and within all of our schools. We hope that this meets everyone's needs. On a personal note, I want to thank everyone who reached out to wish me and Dr. Mamman well as we each prepare to move on to our next adventure. Dr. Mamman will be with us through mid-October and I will be here until December 1, 2022. We remain committed to the forward progress of the district throughout our remaining time in Tenafly so that the transition to a new administration is as smooth as possible. Thank you for your continued support. Yours in Education, Shauna C. DeMarco Superintendent Tenafly Public Schools Upcoming Board of Education Meetings September 19th - Regular Public Meeting October 17th - BOE Work Session _____ The TPS District Calendar Want to find out what events are occurring in your student(s)'s schools? Check out the TPS District Calendar! We have worked hard to ensure that events do not overlap so that you can attend each of your student(s)'s events without another school event conflict! The calendar is updated regularly and you can customize it to see just those events that you wish to see! Want to integrate the district or school calendar with your personal calendar? Directions for that are also on the website! Don't see something that you think should be there or something looks amiss? email info@tenafly.k12.nj.us. _____ Welcome Back Teachers and Staff Opening Day was filled with excitement, school pride, and planning for the new school year. Our staff was hard at work setting up classrooms, creating bulletin boards, and ensuring that everything was just right for our return to school. Thank You For Lending a Hand Our new staff received warm welcomes from throughout the district. Current staff helped our newest team members to settle in, including Smith Elementary's Nurse Rose who popped over to Mackay to help Nurse Sharon Saglimbene get ready for the new school year. Neither Rain, Nor Snow... A big shout out to our fabulous crossing guards who weathered the rain on our first day of school to get all of our students to and from our schools safely! We were very happy to see those yellow raincoats directing us on the safe route to school! _____ Safety First With school back in session and all of our students and staff onsite, we remind everyone to keep a watchful eye for students running to cars or crossing streets. For our walking students, parents please plan a walking route with your student to ensure safe crossing at intersections. For a list of crossing guard locations, visit the Safety Reminders section on our website. Please follow the car line drop off and pick up procedures for each school, and we ask for your patience as our new families learn the process. We encourage parents and students to leave with extra time and ask you to discuss with your children the importance of using sidewalks, staying away from work areas, and following the directions of adults. _____ SAVE THE DATE: In-Person Back-to-School Nights Mark your calendars for this year's Back-to-School Nights! These events will be held in-person at all school levels. Additional details will be available on the district website calendars and will be sent directly to parents from their respective schools. _____ COVID Communications Based on the most recent Governor’s Order, EO 302 and CDC guidance of August 11, 2022, the COVID Guidelines for the 2022-2023 school year have been updated. The current guidelines are available on the TPS Website from the Parents tab. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with the latest TPS guidelines. _____ TMS Students Share Their Talents at Mid-Autumn Festival Students from Tenafly Middle School shared their knowledge, talents, and creativity with the Tenafly Community at the Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration held on Saturday, September 10th. Hosted by the Chinese Parents Association of Tenafly, the event included a traditional fan dance, music, and the telling of "Rabbit with the Moon" by our TMS Chinese Language Class. _____ During the THS Senior Peer Leader Retreat, our student peer leaders decorated empty or outdated bulletin boards around the school, adding to the already welcoming feeling at THS. Well done! _____ _____ _____ Questions/Concerns Do you have questions or concerns related to your child? Please check the school/teacher websites for helpful information. Not finding what you need? Contact your building principal. They are here to help you and can be reached at: * Mackay School - hchizzik@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Maugham School - jferrara@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Smith School - dgeorge@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Stillman School - glander@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Tenafly Middle School - jfabbo@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Tenafly High School - jmorrison@tenafly.k12.nj.us _____ Follow Us! Official District Twitter: @TenaflySchools Official District Facebook: @TenaflySchools Official District Instagram: @TenaflySchools Just launched! Official District TikTok: TenaflySchools Tenafly Public Schools _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Public Schools. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Public Schools | 500 Tenafly Rd, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4500
Thanks, Sumita Begin forwarded message: From: LWSD Communications Date: September 16, 2022 at 1:00:22 PM PDT To: sumita_chauhan@yahoo.com Subject: LWSD Connections - September 16, 2022: Happy first day of school and more! ﻿ Read the website accessible version here September 16, 2022 Stay Connected! This newsletter is just one way to stay in touch with what is happening in the district. Connect with us on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and YouTube for up-to-date news and information. In this Issue: * New articles * Happy first day of school! * New website for Highly Capable division * Sixty LWSD students named National Merit Semifinalists * Two students selected as Student Representatives for Lake Washington School Board * New and International Families Welcome Event * K-5 Social Studies Adoption Committee forming * LWSD supports Spanish-speaking families through local partnership * Register your child for a Kids Coming Together event! * Building inclusive library collections in our schools - LWSF update * Mentors needed for local students * Building on Success * Health first – LWSD students place in top ten at national health professionals competition * Reminder and Updates * Reminder: We’re Hiring! Consider a career in LWSD * Reminder: 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline * Reminder: District tip line * Reminder: Teen Startup event application deadline ​​​​ Work With Us We’re Hiring! Consider a career in LWSD LWSD is always seeking great talent for positions throughout our district. In addition to other positions available in LWSD, we are looking for applicants for the following positions: * Nurses * Instructional Assistants (IA’s) * Paraeducators * Custodians * Bus Drivers * Substitutes These positions are also available in a substitute role. Check out the LWSD website for job descriptions and postings at https://www.lwsd.org/employment/careers . Learning-Focused Happy first day of school! The first day of school for grades 1-12 was on September 6. We are so excited to welcome back our students. Visit our Facebook page to see some of the photos from the different first days of school at all levels . New webpage for Highly Capable division The Highly Capable (HiCap) division of LWSD’s Accelerated Programs has some important news to share with families: * The HiCap webpage received a makeover! Our new page features a simplified design, this year’sassessment calendar and the eligibility matrix. * Applications for HiCap eligibility will open on September 19 and close on October 20. Theapplication will be posted as a live form on the HiCap webpage. Visit the HiCap page on the LWSD website . Sixty LWSD students named National Merit Semifinalists Sixty Lake Washington School District (LWSD) high school seniors have been named semifinalists in the 68th annual National Merit Scholarship Program. The National Merit Scholarship Corporation announced the semifinalists yesterday. Sixteen thousand high school seniors nationwide qualified. About 15,000 semifinalists are expected to advance to the Finalist level. Nearly half will win a National Merit Scholarship. These students will be able to continue in the competition for 7,250 National Merit Scholarships, worth nearly $28 million. Read more about this on the LWSD website . Two students selected as Student Representatives for Lake Washington School Board Students to share student voice in Board conversations Starting this year, the Lake Washington School District Board of Directors will include two student representatives. Student representatives were selected through an application and interview process. Evan Kurtz (Juanita High School, Class of 2023) will serve as the student representative for the west side of the school district for this school year. A new student representative from the west side of the district will be selected for a two-year term starting in 2023-24. Evan was first introduced at the August 22 School Board meeting. Shivani Sama (Tesla STEM High School, Class of 2024) will serve as a student representative for the east side of the school district. She will serve in this role for the next two school years. Shivani was first introduced at the September 12 School Board meeting. The goal of adding student representatives to the board is to add the perspective and experiences of students as the Board considers various topics. Evan was selected to serve for the 2022-23 school year while Shivani will serve through the 2023-24 school year. Annually, the Board will select an incoming junior for a two-year term. New and International Families Welcome Event The LWPTSA Council and Lake Washington School District will be co-hosting a New and International Families Welcome Event soon. Watch for information and details in ParentSquare. K-5 Social Studies Adoption Committee forming In Lake Washington School District, we arrange committees of stakeholders to review our adopted curriculum on a regular basis. These committees consist of teachers, administrators, specialists and community members. The committees usually meet 1-2 times a month but may also have additional sessions as needed. Committee members engage in learning about current research, standards and effective instructional practices. They then apply that learning in evaluating resources for potential adoption. The process of reviewing and/or adopting new curricular materials will be a two-year commitment. It will entail independent work outside of the meeting times. We are starting this process in K-5 social studies this fall. If you are interested in applying to be part of this committee, please fill out the application for the committee below. For any additional information, please contact Dr. Jen Rose , Associate Superintendent for Instructional Services. K-5 Social Studies Adoption Committee: Community Member Recruitment LWSD supports Spanish-speaking families through local partnership Weekly Spanish bulletin provides families with culturally-relevant district news Lake Washington School District (LWSD) has joined forces with the Lake Washington Schools Foundation, Bellevue School District, Bellevue Schools Foundation, Eastside Pathways and Equity in Communication Collaborative Action Network, as part of the Remote Learning and Living Collective Action Network (now known as the Equity in Communication Collaborative Action Network), convened by Eastside Pathways. The partnership was formed with a shared goal of better supporting our community of Spanish-speaking and Latinx families through thoughtful and culturally-relevant communications. Produced weekly, the video newsletter provides more equitable access to district information, allowing families to support their students. Project partners are looking forward to continuing this work, finding new ways to support and engage families and having a positive impact on the Latinx community. Check out the Noticias en español para familias de BSD y LWSD Facebook page . Videos are also posted on the LWSD website . Reminder: 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline On July 16, 2022, the country transitioned to using the 988 dialing code. It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to strengthen and expand the existing National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and change how crisis services are delivered nationwide. 988 is more than just an easy-to-remember number. It is a direct connection to compassionate, accessible care and support for anyone experiencing mental health related distress. Whether that is thoughts of suicide, symptoms of mental illness or substance use disorder or other factors. People can also dial 988 if they are worried about a loved one who may need these types of crisis supports. Reminder: District tip line Safety is one of our district’s top priorities. To keep our school community safe, our district uses Vector Alert, a tip reporting service that allows students, staff and parents to submit safety concerns to our administration five different ways: 1. App: Search for “Vector Alert” in the App Store to download for free 2. Phone: 425.529.5763 3. Text: Text your tip to 425.529.5763 4. Email: 1342@alert1.us 5. Web: http://1342.alert1.us If an administrator is not nearby or available to take your tip, you and your child can easily report tips on bullying, harassment, drugs, vandalism, threats of violence or any safety issue you're concerned about through Vector Alert. When you submit a tip, be sure to use our district’s identification code: 1342 in your communication. Every tip Vector Alert receives about our district is immediately logged in the system and our administration is notified so that they can investigate and take appropriate action. And, tips may also be submitted anonymously if you prefer. Together, using Vector Alert, we can make our district a safer place to work and learn! Thanks in advance for your support. District Announcements Register your child for a Kids Coming Together event! Kids Coming Together is a program that provides opportunities for local youth in grades 3-8 to make new friends and connect with their community through service events led by high school students. Register for upcoming events : * September 22: Invasive Species Removal * September 27: Legos for Eastside Baby Corner Building inclusive library collections in our schools - LWSF update Over 4,000 students in seven schools have already benefited from Lake Washington School Foundation’s five-year grant commitment to increase the diversity of library collections across the district. In the grant’s first year (2021-22), a total of 1,120 books were purchased for: * Alcott Elementary * AG Bell Elementary * Ben Franklin Elementary * John Muir Elementary * Inglewood Middle School * International Community School, and * Kirkland Middle School. Each book was carefully selected and purchased based on the needs identified in the diversity audit of each school’s library collection. This year, students at 13 additional schools will benefit from the program! Watch this short clip where Cathy Webb, librarian at Mark Twain Elementary, explains the importance of students being able to see themselves and their peers reflected in school library collections. Mentors needed for local students Become a Lunch Buddy mentor and make a difference in the life of a local elementary school student. The LINKS Lunch Buddy Program is seeking volunteers to mentor young students in Kirkland, Redmond and Sammamish. Give 45 minutes of your time each week to enjoy fun games and crafts, and to talk with a student who could really benefit from some extra social-emotional support at school. To learn about the process and how to apply, visit www.lwsd.org/links . Please contact Victoria Goetze-Nelson at vgoetzenelson@lwsd.org or call 425-936-1410 if you have any questions. Mentor training and support will be provided. Reminder: Teen Startup event application deadline The LWSD Teen Startup Challenge is designed to promote student startup ideas and venture creation. The challenge provides the opportunity for high school students to win prizes and learn from local business leaders. Finalists will present their ideas and business plans and receive invaluable feedback from successful professionals. The application deadline for this event is midnight on October 3, 2022. Visit www.lwsd.org/teen-startup to learn more about this event. Building on Success Building on Success is Lake Washington School District's long-term plan to reduce overcrowding, accommodate growing enrollment, and continue to provide quality learning environments and experiences for our students. Summer construction update Thanks to our voters, LWSD construction teams have been busy this summer. Most of the summer construction projects were completed with a few finishing up in the next few weeks. All of these projects will give our students the space they need to thrive and be future ready. Below is an overview of the summer construction and project planning for the upcoming school year. ​New addition at Carson Elementary 2019 Construction Levy projects Projects to provide additional capacity are ready for students and staff. Rachel Carson Elementary now has four new classrooms to accommodate the community’s growing number of students. Mark Twain Elementary’s new gym was ready for the first day of school. Students attending Rose Hill Elementary enjoyed using their new commons expansion on their first day. Ben Franklin’s new gymnasium is scheduled to open to students on Monday, September 19. New gym at Twain Elementary 2018 School Technology and Capital Projects Levy There are many facility projects that were completed this summer under the 2018 school technology and capital projects levy: 1. Eastlake High School (EHS) classroom conversions (addition three classrooms) 2. Traffic flow enhancements at EHS 3. Parking and traffic flow enhancements at Juanita Elementary School 4. Special Services projects at multiple sites 5. Space conversions/enhancements at Redmond High School 6. Flooring improvements at Twain Elementary School 7. Roofing improvements at the Juanita High School (JHS) Fieldhouse 8. Roofing improvement at Inglewood Middle School 9. ADA upgrades at Bell Elementary School 10. Security system upgrade at Rockwell Elementary School 11. Security system upgrade at Dickinson Elementary School 2022 School Technology and Capital Projects Levy Project planning is underway for the 2022-23 year to include: 1. Water bottle filling stations district-wide 2. Tennis court upgrade at Redmond Middle School 3. Tennis court upgrade at Rose Hill Middle School 4. Traffic flow enhancements at Audubon Elementary School 5. Parking lot upgrades at Juanita High School 6. Parking lot pavement replacement at SSC-Transportation Bus Lot 7. Pool upgrades at Juanita High School 8. Intercom upgrades at Wilder Elementary School 9. Intercom upgrades at McAuliffe Elementary School 10. Classroom conversions at multiple sites 11. Roofing improvements at multiple sites 12. Flooring improvements at multiple sites 13. Field and track upgrades at Inglewood Middle School 14. Stadium field and track upgrade at Lake Washington High School 2022 Building Excellence Construction Levy Design and permitting is underway for the upcoming projects which will provide critical capacity and reduce overcrowding: 1. Eight classroom addition at Kirkland Middle School 2. Eight classroom addition at Finn Hill Middle School 3. Eight classroom addition at Redmond Middle School 4. New Redmond Elementary School on Redmond Elementary School Campus 5. New High School Capacity - Eastside (Sammamish) Student & Staff Success Health first – LWSD students place in top ten at national health professionals competition Lake Washington School District students have a lot to be proud of. These students recently traveled to Nashville, Tenn. for the HOSA – Future Health Professionals International Leadership Conference and finished in the top ten. Students from all over the world participate in competitive events, educational seminars, networking and more during the four-day conference. Read more about this on the LWSD website . Lake Washington School District | 16250 NE 74th St | Redmond, WA 98052 Unsubscribe | Report Spam
Thanks, Sumita
Dear THS Families, The HSA General Open Meeting will be on this evening at 8 pm via Zoom Webinar. Our special guests will include: Mr. James Morrision, Principal Ms. Brenda Yoo, Assistant Principal Mrs. Jayne Bembridge, Director of Guidance All are welcome to join us! The Q&A function will be available for you to raise any questions or concerns. Please click the following link to join the webinar. For manual entry: Webinar ID: 816 3132 3361 Passcode: 353442 https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81631323361?pwd=WDFEQ0dRMHpjL3ZqVVJoS09xMFV4QT09 We hope to see you! Best, THS HSA This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly High School HSA . To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflyhighhsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions
From: Wisam Hirzalla Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 9:10 PM To: nesrivas@bytheveranda.com Subject: Fwd: CHA Campus Updates September 23rd Begin forwarded message: From: Chestnut Hill Academy > Date: September 23, 2022 at 4:03:18 PM PDT To: wisam.hirzalla@gmail.com Subject: CHA Campus Updates September 23rd Reply-To: no-reply@chestnuthillacademy.com ﻿ IN THIS UPDATE Important Upcoming Dates Holly's Message Book Fair Family Feature Student Spotlight Meet the CHA Chefs DEI Feature COVID Count Front Desk for Conferences High Five Fridays What's for Lunch this Month? CHA Car Park Specialists' Newsletter Admissions & Parent Referral Program Summer Superstars New Staff Reminders IMPORTANT UPCOMING DATES September 28: 3rd Grade Social @ Dave & Busters September 28,29, 30: Goal-Setting Conferences No School, Childcare Provided September 30: October Lunch Orders Due October 4: Parent Wiser The Science of Self-Actualization October 10: School Picture Day – Dress Uniform Required October 10 – 14: Book Fair October 14: Fall Festival October 20: Diwali Celebration October 21: Professional Development Day – No School, No Childcare October 24: School Picture Retakes – Dress Uniform Required October 26: Middle School Presentation November 2: Ski Orientation November 5: 2nd Grade Social @ Snohomish Aquatic Center November 11: End of Trimester November 16-18: Online Parent Teacher Conferences – No School, Childcare Provided November 21-23: Thanksgiving Break – No School, Childcare Provided November 24 & 25: Thanksgiving – No School, No Childcare Dear CHA Community, We are all given free will to choose whether we will lend a hand. Helping one another is one of the greatest things that connect us. When our children see us volunteer and participate within our school, they see us modeling the importance of servant leadership, a practice that focuses on the well-being of others without expecting something in return. The mindset of the life you live is the lesson you teach is a powerful gift to share with our children as they watch, mimic, and learn from our actions. Today we came together to celebrate as a community. The energy and excitement were palpable. Many years from now, this shared experience will be remembered as an important moment in student’s lives. It will not be because of how many toe tokens they had, how much money was raised or how many laps they walked and instead will focus on the people they spent their time with. This celebration is one more step towards fostering a sense of community and returning to the CHA traditions that have been missed and are at the heart of who we are. Your participation and support are invaluable and make up this remarkable community for our young leaders to learn from. Warm Regards, Holly Senaga BOOK FAIR - OCTOBER 10th - 14th After 2 long years, CHAPTER is truly excited to bring back the Scholastic Book Fair in person! The Book Fair will be open Monday, October 10th through Friday, October 14th, including during the Fall Festival. The committee has its own Book Fair Homepage on the CHA website where you can find out more information about the Book Fair. They also have lots of fun ideas for engaging parents in promoting student readership via the Team’s Book Fair Channel. To view this year’s featured books, check out the Scholastic Digital Flyer. Please keep an eye out for the flyers coming home today in the Friday Folders. We need parent volunteers! Please sign up here to help: Book Fair Volunteer Sign-Up. FAMILY FEATURE In today’s Campus Updates, we’d love to introduce you to the Yakimakha family, new to CHA and continuing their Bright Horizons journey as their son joined kindergarten this year. Q: What are some of the things that you enjoy doing as a family? A: Visiting places and going to playgrounds. Q: What are some favorite words of wisdom in your family, or values that you try to live by? A: Be kind. We value integrity, honesty and kindness. Q: What is your family's favorite meal? A: Grilled sausages with potatoes and salad. Q: What is your favorite thing about CHA? A: CHA provides a comprehensive approach to child development while supporting working parents in all the right ways. STUDENT SPOTLIGHT - ADAM Adam is in fifth grade. He is a caring person and he cares about other people and animals. He went to the food bank to help pack the food in the summer holidays. At home, he helped mom to take care of the family member – an 18 year-old cat - until the cat’s last day for 7 months. He helped feed the cat medicine every day and assisted in giving the cat Sub Q liquid shot three times a week because Mom couldn’t do it by herself. Adam enjoys outdoor activities. He started hiking when he was only a few years old. He already went backpacking when he was 5 years old. During the first summer of the pandemic, he went hiking almost every week: Mt Si, Bandera Mt, Granite Mt, Mt Tiger cable line, Rainer NP, Olympic NP, etc.. His footprints were from the beach to the mountains. This year because of other activities, he didn’t do that much hiking, but he still did backpacking and some day hiking. Adam is very interested to learn new knowledge, especially about nature. In June this year, when he went hiking with his parents, he saw lots of ferns on the way and told the parents that fern leaves could help stinging nettle burns – he just learned that from CHA 4th grade Pioneer Farm field trip. On the way back, mom’s finger unfortunately was scratched by a stinging nettle and she used the remedy Adam just taught. It was magic that the burn stopped right away. Mom was very happy since she didn’t know about this nature remedy! Submitted by Grace Guan. MEET THE CHA CHEFS Our kitchen is kicking off the year strong with 60-67% of our student population ordering lunch on any given day, and the kitchen team can often be found preparing very thoughtfully planned and well-rounded meals, smiling and chatting with students as they move through the lunch line, and on occasion, even dancing in the kitchen. Executive Chef Liam Spence, Sous Chef Mark McClure, Chef Mackenzy Menendez, and Chef Matt Silas have made it their mission to create the next generation of foodies while providing high-quality, nutritious meals. This year, Chef Liam has continued to address supply chain issues by bringing in additional vendors such as Yianni’s for Mediterranean products, Select Gourmet Foods for protein, and Key City Fish for small production protein, and holistically raised animals. Students have the opportunity to hear about the lunch menu each day during morning announcements, and we also welcome parent conversation and connection as you ask your children about their dining experiences and favorite foods. DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION FEATURE Just like literature, theatre can be a powerful conversation starter and tool for expanding the world for young children, and for creating a greater understanding of different perspectives. Seattle Children’s Theatre is bringing its magic back to the stage and has introduced its 2022-23 line-up, which has productions planned such as “The Boy Who Kissed the Sky”, about the early life and influences of Seattle native and musical icon Jimi Hendrix, “BXBXKids! Asks Why”, which uses embodied poetry, American Sign Language, and puppets to explore conversations about the black experience in America, "Carmela Full of Wishes”, based on the book of the same title by Newbery Medal and Caldecott Honor-winning author Matt de la Pena and illustrator Christian Robinson, “Paige in Full”, the story of a multicultural girl growing up in Baltimore who is desperate to fit in and find her voice, and “Havana Hop”, about a girl who visits her grandmother in Cuba to explore her heritage. The website offers age recommendations for each production, running time, and performance date. REMINDERS Car Park Volunteers - Mrs. Senaga could really use some help directing traffic in the morning! We have sign ups open for September and October if you are available to spend a little time assisting folks navigate the car park safely. October Lunch Orders - The October Lunch Order Form is open now. You can find it here. The deadline for ordering is Friday, September 30th. Extracurriculars - No updates at this time. Brivo Support - We have upgraded our security system to use the Brivo Mobile Pass app. We have created a Tech Tips > Brivo page for you to refer to if you need help setting it up. Invitation to Student Spotlight – We’re excited to celebrate our students' accomplishments. Every student is welcome to submit their name, information about their event and a picture to smorlidge@chestnuthillacademy.com by Thursdays at 2 pm and they will be added to our weekly Campus Updates. Invitation to Family Feature – We'd love to introduce you to our CHA community! Please take a moment to fill out the Form here to share a bit about your family. Photos are very welcome and can be dropped into the folder on Teams here. ISEE and SSAT Test Prep Sessions - Eastside Catholic School hosts complimentary entrance exam preparation classes during the fall led by Test Innovators. Test prep classes are available on Saturdays between 9.24.22 and 10.15.22. Register here. Seats are limited! Q's? Email Anastasia Bennett SNIPPETS COVID Count - This week we had one student or staff test positive. Front Desk for Conferences – Due to continued renovations in the front lobby, our “front desk” will be operating out of the lower lobby during conferences (Sept. 28-30). If you are entering the school for conferences or dropping off for camp, please park and walk to the lower entrance and check in there. Staff will be there to help direct you and walk your children to the appropriate classrooms. Some classrooms will be receiving new flooring as well, so they will also be closed for construction. If you have any questions about camp, please email our Camp Team. For questions about conference locations, please reach out to your child’s homeroom teacher. High Five Fridays - Two weeks ago, 5th grader Siena F approached Mrs. Senaga to schedule a meeting about an idea she had heard about at her sister’s school. They met and Siena introduced the idea of High Five Fridays in which the Head of School and 5th graders would welcome students to the school that day with a high five. The program began today and was well received by students and parents alike. This initiative is an example of students using their voices to implement a program that positively impacts our school community. The high five began in 1977 at Dodger Stadium when Glenn Burke high-fived Dusty Baker a fellow outfielder after he hit a home run. What’s for Lunch This Month? – Thanks to an excellent suggestion from CHA parent Courtney, we have changed the What’s for Lunch header on the Calendar page to a button that will show you a printable version of the menu for the month we are in. If you have a suggestion for ways we can improve the website, please email support@chestnuthillacademy.com. Parent Wiser: The Science of Self-Actualization October 4 - Would you like to know how to help your children realize their potential and thrive? Join us for an evening with Scott Barry Kaufman, renowned humanistic psychologist, and cognitive scientist. Register here. CHA Car Park – If you park in any of the spots within the yellow box in the diagram below, you have to exit following the direction of the arrows. It is a one-way system, all day, every day, even when no one is looking (except they are because we have a camera out there). It is also never ok to park in the traffic lanes, even if you have your hazard lights on. Finally, please NEVER reverse in carline; it is very dangerous if there are staff or students crossing behind. Thank you for helping make the CHA Car Park a safer place. ADMISSIONS AND PARENT REFERRAL PROGRAM CHA is currently accepting applications for the 2023-24 school year, and our application deadline is January 13, 2023. Currently enrolled students do not need to reapply for admissions. We appreciate parents who have recommended CHA to their family and friends, as well as continuing to entrust their children’s education to us. Parents who made family referrals whose children that resulted in a place being accepted will receive a referral bonus of $250 per family. We we recommend that you direct any interested friends to the admissions section of our website or to reach out to admissions@chestnuthillacademy.com for more information. Thank you for your recommendations! SUMMER SUPERSTARS Congratulations to the Summer Superstars! The students who completed their summer reading, math and writing activities have a star on our hallway Leader in Me bulletin board. A green star is for reading, a pink star is for math and a yellow star is for writing. Kindergarten: James L. (reading, writing), Soren (reading), James H. (math), Eunie (math, reading, writing), Judy Z (math, reading, writing), Yikai (math, reading, writing), Yining (math, reading, writing), Bridger (math, reading, writing), Sylvie J (writing, reading, math), Brenton (math, reading), Daniel I (math, writing, reading), Ameya (math, writing, reading), Chloe S. (math, writing, reading). 1st Graders: Amos (writing), Sawyer (reading), Emma W (math, writing, reading) 2nd Graders: Matteo (writing, reading), Vihaan (writing, reading) 3rd Graders: AJ (reading, math), Sophie Z (reading, writing), Tenley (reading). 4th Graders: Janice (writing, reading), Ethan Y (reading, writing), Andrea (writing, reading, math), Caleb (math, reading), Alexis (writing, math, reading), Rameses (math, reading, writing), Ahana (math), Chloe E (reading) 5th Graders: Owen F. (writing, reading) Stacey S. (reading, writing), Katherine (math), Siena (reading, math) PLEASE WELCOME NEW STAFF We are delighted to introduce you to our new Maintenance Man, Juan Delacruz who has been working very hard since he started in the summer to get the building spruced up. Say 'Hi' to him if you see him in carline! Allison Plamondon has joined us as a Substitute Teacher/IA. She recently graduated from Seattle University with her Masters in Teaching Degree, and has a degree in IDLS with an Elementary Education emphasis at Seattle U. When she is not working, her favorite things to do are scrapbooking and open water swimming. Last, but by no means least, Delaney Bush will be working with us as a part-time Instructional Assistant while she finishes her Bachelor's degree in Psychology and Sociology at the University of Oregon. Juan Delacruz Allison Plamondon Delaney Bush © 2021 Chestnut Hill Academy | 13633 SE 26th Street | Bellevue | WA 98005 Unsubscribe Link
September 2022 The High School Staff welcomes all parents “back” to our annual “Back-to-School Night” on Thursday, September 29 in-person. We sincerely hope that the evening will be an informative and enjoyable one for you. The program will begin at 7:00 PM in Period 1. Please have your student provide you with an E Day schedule which you will need to follow that evening. You may also access the schedule via the parent portal. You will have the opportunity to meet with your student’s teachers in a group setting. Teachers will share expectations and procedures with you. Course descriptions, objectives, the strategies being used to achieve them, and the methods by which learning is measured will be discussed. The organization of this evening does not lend itself to individual conferences. You are encouraged to contact teachers for conferences throughout the year as the need arises. If there are “free periods” in your schedule, please feel free to tour the building and visit the Library Media Center, Counseling Office, Tiger Study Den, the Fitness Center or the Nurse’s Office. We will be using the following time schedule: Period 1 @ 7:00 – 7:15 Period 2 @ 7:18 – 7:28 Period 3 @ 7:31 – 7:41 Period 4 @ 7:44 – 7:54 Period 5 @ 7:57 – 8:07 Period 6 @ 8:10 – 8:20 Period 7 @ 8:23 – 8:33 Period 8 @ 8:36 – 8:46 Please do not go to any science laboratory periods. Instead, please report to the Gymnasium to meet the Physical Education teacher or, in other cases, to the room specified to meet the Family Life teacher. Student guides will be available throughout the building to assist you in understanding the schedule and in locating the correct rooms. Back-to-School Night provides a marvelous opportunity to meet our staff and gain increased understanding of the educational process at Tenafly. We look forward to your in-person attendance and participation at this and other high school events throughout the year. Sincerely, Mr. James O. Morrison Principal _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly High School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly High School | 19 Columbus Drive, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-6600
To view this email as a web page, click here REMINDER Picture Day - Tomorrow Messages from TMS TMS Picture Day Friday, September 23 There are two ways to order: * Order on-line at mylifetouch.com using Picture Day ID: EVTPM9VQX * Students bring in a completed form with the exact payment to hand in on Picture Day Click here for more details We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Neha Srivastava Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 10:00 AM To: Neha Srivastava Subject: Fwd: Puma Info June 6th ---------- Forwarded message --------- From: YL Cheng > Date: Tue, Jun 7, 2022 at 6:12 PM Subject: Fwd: Puma Info June 6th To: > There you go Neha ---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Puma Info > Date: Mon, Jun 6, 2022 at 6:34 PM Subject: Puma Info June 6th To: > To view this email as a web page, click here June 6th, 2022 Field Day on June 14th Rosa Parks Field Day is June 14! Grades 3-5 will enjoy Field Day in the morning and Grades K-2 will enjoy Field Day in the afternoon. We are looking for volunteers to rmake this day a success! Volunteers must be LWSD-approved and be fully vaccinated with their vaccination status on file. Questions? Please contact PE teacher, Lise Powell at lipowell@lwsd.org . Sign here End of The Year Event Join us to celebrate the end of the school year with a big party! End of the School Year Party is on June 16th 2022 from 6pm to 8pm at the school playground. Parents, we need your help in making our last event for this school year a success. Please see the sign up genius link below to sign up to volunteer. https://www.signupgenius.com/go/409094AAFAF2FA7F85-endofyear Volunteers must be LWSD-approved and be fully vaccinated with their vaccination status on file. If you have any questions you can reach out at community@rosaparksptsa.org PTSA 2022-23 Board of Directors Election The 2022 Parks PTSA nominating committee hereby places the following names into nomination for the 2022-23 Board of Directors: For the office of President: Kim Stengel For the office of Treasurer: Luna Egido Martin For the office of Secretary: Jackie Mitchell For the office of VP of Communications: Joyce Cheng For the office of VP of Community: OPEN For the office of VP of Enrichment: Lakshmi Venkatachalam For the office of VP of Fundraising: Monica Lombana For the office of VP of Programs: Hemalatha Kannan For the office of VP Volunteers & Services: Radha Arora The nominating committee has confirmed that all nominees have been a member of a PTA for at least 15 days prior to the election, and meet other requirements as stated in the WSPTA Uniform Bylaws. Respectfully submitted,Nicole Alvarez, Joyce Cheng, & Monica Lombana PTSA Members are invited to join us at our last General Membership virtual meeting on Friday, June 10 at 10am where we will accept nominations off the floor, elect the 2022-23 Board of Directors, and approve the 2022-23 PTSA budget. Before and After School Program 2022-2023 This is the body text for the 'Text' block. You can edit this content in our rich text editor in the block editor panel. Support Rosa Parks PTSA while you shop! Amazon Smile Shop at AmazonSmile and Amazon will make a donation to Rosa Parks PTSA! Go to amazonsmile.com and choose “Rosa Parks Elementary PTSA” as your Charity. Amazon Smile is now available as an option in your iPhone/Android apps too. Fred Meyer Help Support Rosa Parks When You Shop at Fred Meyer. Register your Rewards card online Bing Visit Give with Bing, and join the cause! Make an impact on every search you make on Bing. Box Tops No more clipping. ... Download the ALL-NEW Box Tops app, shop as you normally would, then simply scan your store receipts to find participating products. The app will automatically credit your school's Box Tops earnings online. More info here Shutterfly When you order photo prints, cards, photo books, gifts, home decor, and more, use our Shutterfly Storefront link to shop, and 8% of their proceeds from your purchases on Shutterfly and Tiny Prints will be donated to our school! Bookmark and share this link with your family and friends. Mabel's Labels Get ready to go back to school with Mabel´s Labels! Visit Mabel's Labels Website and choose Rosa Parks PTSA Upcoming Events Friday, June 10 10:00a PTSA General Membership Meeting Thursday, June 16 6:00p End of Year School Party Friday, June 17 Half Day- Last Day of School Facebook Copyright © 2021 Rosa Parks Elementary PTSA, All rights reserved. Our mailing address is: 22845 N.E. Cedar Park Crescent, Redmond, WA 98053 www.rosaparksptsa.org This message was sent to yulei0821@gmail.com from Rosa Parks Elementary PTSA . To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://www.rosaparksptsa.org/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Please see the attached THS testing schedule for October 11-13. This information is also on the THS website. Thank you. THS Administration Attachments: messages/attachments/8e9bf778cd2088bd7b75fada4b510c10/THS_Start_Strong_Testing_10_11_22.pdf (95.5 KB) _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly High School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly High School | 19 Columbus Drive, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-6600
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 21, 2022 GiftCrowd is Back! Need an End-Of-Year Teacher or Support Staff Gift? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4/22 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. Join the TMS HSA Board! TMS is currently looking for parent volunteers for the HSA Board for the 2022-2023 school year. Open positions include: VP of Communications (responsible for sending out TMS' weekly newsletter), VP of Fundraising (to help plan and coordinate fundraising) and a Secretary (to keep HSA Board minutes). If you would like to volunteer for any of these positions or obtain more information on them or other volunteer opportunites with the HSA, please reach out to tmshsa17@gmail.com . Interested in Cross Country Track? Calling all 8th Graders interested in running cross country at THS! Please email Tenaflyx-ctrack@gmail.com to be added to the high school XC group chat. Cross country starts in the summer at THS. Rising freshman only. June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 pm 22: 8th Grade Yearbook Signing 22: 7th Grade Swim Party 23: Last Day of School & Clap Out July 2022 4: Last Day to Order School Supplies with Free Shipping Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA REMINDER! Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear THS Families, The HSA General Open Meeting will be on this Thursday, September 22nd at 8 pm via Zoom Webinar. Our special guests will include: Mr. James Morrision, Principal Ms. Brenda Yoo, Assistant Principal Mrs. Jayne Bembridge, Director of Guidance All are welcome to join us! The Q&A function will be available for you to raise any questions or concerns. Please click the following link to join the webinar. For manual entry: Webinar ID: 816 3132 3361 Passcode: 353442 https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81631323361?pwd=WDFEQ0dRMHpjL3ZqVVJoS09xMFV4QT09 We hope to see you! Best, THS HSA This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly High School HSA . To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflyhighhsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 21, 2022 GiftCrowd is Back! Need an End-Of-Year Teacher or Support Staff Gift? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. Don't Forget to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 7/4/22 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. Join the TMS HSA Board! TMS is currently looking for parent volunteers for the HSA Board for the 2022-2023 school year. Open positions include: VP of Communications (responsible for sending out TMS' weekly newsletter), VP of Fundraising (to help plan and coordinate fundraising) and a Secretary (to keep HSA Board minutes). If you would like to volunteer for any of these positions or obtain more information on them or other volunteer opportunites with the HSA, please reach out to tmshsa17@gmail.com . Interested in Cross Country Track? Calling all 8th Graders interested in running cross country at THS! Please email Tenaflyx-ctrack@gmail.com to be added to the high school XC group chat. Cross country starts in the summer at THS. Rising freshman only. June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 pm 22: 8th Grade Yearbook Signing 22: 7th Grade Swim Party 23: Last Day of School & Clap Out July 2022 4: Last Day to Order School Supplies with Free Shipping Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Seema S. Sent: Thursday, September 29, 2022 2:49 PM To: Neha Subject: Fw: Newsletter for Friday, September 23rd, 2022 Neha - this is the weekly communication format from Gianna's elementary independent school. _____ From: Grade1 Z <1stz@northlakeacademy.org > Sent: Friday, September 23, 2022 3:59 PM To: Grade1 A <1sta@northlakeacademy.org > Subject: Newsletter for Friday, September 23rd, 2022 Good Evening, Parents, Your children are working so hard! To kick off the Autumn season, we took a nature hike and created fall paintings with what we found. 👻 Come celebrate Halloween…with a scream! Check out Sawyer's Haunted House and enjoy a good time on 10/30/22. This is our 2nd year hosting and this year we have a few more surprises and monsters. Sam (3rd grade), Sawyer (1st grade) and Stella (pre-K) have been working hard to make this one an experience you won’t forget. Teachers, students, parents, siblings are invited to come be petrified. Please RSVP via http://evite.me/qDyAJD9x3T We look forward to scaring you! Dates to Remember Monday, October 10th: No School Federal Holiday Sunday, October 30th: Sawyer's Family Haunted House Monday, October 31st: Halloween 🎃 Friday, November 11th: No School Veterans' Day Here are a few important reminders: * Homework: Homework is due back the following Friday. You will also find a reading log attached to the homework packet. Kids must read at least 20 mins each day as part of their homework, fill out and return the reading log. * If there are any questions in the homework packet that they need help with, please ask them to write "Help" near the question. We will work with them in class. * Class Updates: Please find the attached Weekly Newsletter for this week's Class Updates. You will also find the Spelling and Vocabulary words for the next week. Please have the kids practice their spelling words as we will have a Spelling Test every Friday. * Appropriate Footwear and Water Bottle: We have PE and Zumba on Monday and Friday respectively. Please make sure your child is wearing appropriate footwear, especially on those days. This ensures their safety during physical activity. Feel free to let us know if you have any questions and have a great weekend! Thanks & regards, Team 1st Grade - Z
Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: BCA/WPS Communications > Date: June 3, 2022 at 3:30:31 PM PDT To: priyanka.m.jain@gmail.com Subject: BCA/WPS eBulletin Reply-To: communications@bcacademy.com ﻿ Update from BCA and WPS BCA WPS 6-3-22 Message from Head of WPS Thank you to all who attended our IB Project Showcase last night at WPS! It was lovely to see so many faces – in-person! – and listen to our fantastic 8th, 10th, and 11th graders showcase their IB Community Projects, Personal Projects, and TOK Exhibitions! The students worked very diligently completing these projects and we hope you enjoyed their answers to your questions. Last night was proof that Willows Prep thrives with a partnership with the International Baccalaureate PYP, MYP, and DP frameworks! Matthew Lippart | Head of Willows Preparatory School Philip Razem | Assistant Head of WPS & IB CAS Coordinator Message from Head of BCA Pre-K Dear Pre-Prep families, What an electrifying week it has been in Pre-K at WPS! Our young STEM researchers were busy exploring the wonders of circuitry, polarity, electrodes, electron transfer, switches, resistors, and amplifiers. I hope it doesn’t come as a shock that they are having a blast while learning with our Snap Circuits during this unit. We would like to request that if you and your family happen to be departing for your summer vacation earlier than the last day of school, please let your teacher and the Satellite office know so that we can make the proper end of year arrangements and have time to gather your student’s belongings. ﻿ Thank you for your ongoing support. We appreciate you! Robert Dougherty | Head of BCA Pre-K Message from WPS Head of Learning & Instruction/IB Coordinator Hello Families, Thank you to everyone who participated in the IB Showcase Event on Wednesday night at WPS. Parents and community members read student posters and asked questions about the projects. When our community comes together to teach and support our students, these experiences become even more impactful! It was wonderful to interact with everyone in-person, and we very much look forward to more in-person events in the future! Clarissa Toupin | Head of Learning and Instruction/IB Coordinator Message from WPS College Counselor Dear WPS Families, With the last few weeks of school upon us, I want to thank everyone for making this year special despite the many challenges we all faced dealing with the continued presence of Covid. I wish a healthy, happy summer to you all. As a reminder to 9-11th grade families, we will be having a virtual awards presentation on Tuesday, June 7 from 6-7 PM, so if you are in the high school, I encourage you to attend. Who knows? You might just be recognized! Thanks for a great year! Kerry Clark | Director of College Counseling Dear BCA Art Community, ﻿ Ms. Timm, Ms. Clements and I are pleased to announce the grade level winners and runners up for the "wouldn't it be great if" exhibition and contest. These results and all artworks are available to view via the links below. This year we saw more submissions than ever before. We are so proud of all the students who chose to participate. All artworks are currently being displayed at BCA2 campus and will be sent home by June 10th. Awards will be distributed by your campus art teacher in your child's regular art classes. Thank you for your support for the BCA Art program, and more importantly for your talented, creative students. Sincerely, Ellie Goldrup | BCA Art Teacher Student Artworks, Winners and Runners-up * Pre-K * Kindergarten * 1st G rade * 2nd Grade * 3rd Grade * 4th Grade 2022 Summer Study Course Enroll now in our WPS Summer Study Courses: Sessions for grades 5-9 to improve math and Spanish skills before fall! For more information and to register: HERE 2022 Summer Drama Course Also available WPS Theatre in the Park Summer Drama Course for grades 6-12! Join our rapidly growing theatre program this summer as we put on our first summer stock performance! For more information and to register: HERE A Message from the Parent Association The 8th Grade Recognition Celebration will be June 15th from 11-3. If you would like to help with this wonderful event to celebrate our 8th graders, please reach out to Mrs. Pallavi Patel at astropal@gmail.com as soon as possible. ﻿Preliminary planning is underway. We would love to have more volunteers! End-of-school year Carnival: June 16, 2022 Carnival Committee waiting for YOU! Hello Parents We are excited to inform you our kids are going to have a REGULAR carnival day for this year as we did pre-COVID! Carnival day is the tradition of BCA. It is scheduled at the last day of the school year. Parents and teachers will work together to bring all kinds of fun activities to make an unforgettable school day for our kids. Our most popular activities include pony rides, bouncy house, game truck, face painting, ice cream carts etc. To make this happen, we need your help to join the Carnival committee: 1. PLAN: design all the cool activities for our kids 2. SELECT: contact and select the vendors, then reserve the service 3. ORDER: buy the toys, toolsets and snacks 4. LAUNCH: remotely help teachers arrange the schedule Based on the new rules of ISP, we can't have parents inside the building to assist. We will do an awesome preparation job to make sure our kids have a wonderful Carnival Day! Alicia Li | PA President Click here to Join the the Carnival Committee! UNIFORM Sale Looking for BCA uniform items? BCA Dennis Uniform items are on sale! All items are approved for the current BCA uniform, sizing for grades 2-5. Please see this flyer for more details: ●DENNIS UNIFORM CLEARANCE WHILE SUPPLIES LAST: 50% OFF ALL LOGO ITEMS BCA Reminders and Upcoming Events EVENTS: June 16 Last Day of School *No Aftercare or Enrichment* June 17 Report Cards Released June 27 Summer School Begins July 1 Deadline to Order from First Day School Supplies August 30 Meet Your Teacher Day Preschool-4th Grade August 31 Meet Your Teacher Day 5th Grade Last Day of School – June 16th * Carnival! Students will participate in a full day carnival with different offering at each building. including bounce houses, game trucks, magicians and more. Thank you, Parent Association! * Tourist Spirit Day – Dress like a tourist and wear you’re an outfit or t-shirt from your favorite vacation. * No Aftercare or Enrichment – please pickup your child in carline. Lost & Found As the weather begins to warm up our students are shedding their jackets! Parents can visit the Lost and Found at their campus front office before June 16th to check for personal belongings. Items that are left after June 16th will be donated. Uniform Donations: Accepted year-round Gently used uniforms can be donated to your student’s front office all year long. These uniforms will be sold in our annual Used Uniform Sale on July 12-14 and proceeds go back to school programming. Updated School Calendar 2021-2022 (click here) NEW 2022-2023 School Calendar (click here) BCA Family Page (click here) - username: bcafamily – password: safelearning2021 WPS Reminders and Upcoming Events EVENTS: June 7 9-11th Award Ceremony @6pm via Teams June 10 5th Grade PYP Exhibition and Recognition Celebration 1-3 pm June 15 8th Grade Recognition Celebration 11-3 pm June 16 Last Day of School for students WPS Summer courses - Register now! * Summer Study Course (Grades 5-9) * Summer Drama Course (Grades 6-12) Lost and Found Please have your child check the lost & found for water bottles, jackets and personal items. These will be donated in June. Please check at the front desk for valuables and electronics. This is a great time to re-write your child’s name on instruments, inside jackets and items! Tutorial and Semester 2 Clubs & Teams * Semester 2 Clubs & Sports (3/7 -6/3) is in full swing from this week. Please contact info@willowsprep.com if you wish to register late. Aftercare and Tutorial are currently on hold until further notice. As we do not have Aftercare or Tutorial Club at this moment, it is very important that students are picked up during 4:30pm and 4:45pm (afterschool club members) from the cafeteria. After 4:45pm, pick will have a late pick up fee of $20. * To review the full list of CLUB offerings and schedule, CLICK HERE! Carline Please do not line up in carline before 3:30 pm. You are welcome to park and pick up if before 3:30 pm. Thank you for your cooperation. Building Key Cards Please remind your child to keep personal key card on self to access WPS buildings during school hours. In the case key cards are lost, please immediately email kSueyoshi@willowsprep.com to deactivate. Please note, 1st card replacement will cost $25. Illness & Absence & Early Release/Late Arrivals Please email info@willowsprep.com for absences, early release or late arrival and sign in at the front when leaving or arriving after 8:35 a.m. We thank you for taking extra precautions in these times by keeping your child home if there are any flu like symptoms. Students may return to campus when symptom free and with a doctor’s note or negative Covid test. Lunch Orders June menu is open for pre-order at www.ezparentcenter.com. Please call the front office at 425-649-0791x 4 if ordering after 10:10 am. WPS Updated School Calendar (click here) NEW 2022-2023 School Calendar (click here) WPS Family Page (click here) password: safelearning2021 BCA MATH® Textbooks [ Pre-K - 4th Grade ] Our exclusive BCA Math books are now available for purchase! * Electronic Copy only: $100 * Electronic Copy + Hardcopy: $130 Please use the following link to make a purchase: https://forms.office.com/r/i4ECifL2hV Learn more about BCA Math here: www.bcacademy.com/academics/bca-math/ Please do not reply to this email. Please contact each office. BCA1 :bca1@bcacademy.com BCA2 :bca2@bcacademy.com Satellite/Pre-Prep :satellite@bcacademy.com WPS :info@willowsprep.com Follow Us on Social Media! @BellevueChildrensAcademy @BellevueChildrensAcademy @WillowsPrepSchool @WillowsPrepSchool This publication is not to be shared outside of the BCA ＆ WPS community. Bellevue Children's Academy/Willows Preparatory School | 14640 NE 24th St, Bellevue, WA 98007 Unsubscribe priyanka.m.jain@gmail.com Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice Sent by communications@bcacademy.com
Having issues? open this email in a browser Welcome to the 2022-2023 School Year The excitement that comes with the start of a new school year hangs in the air! It was wonderful to see our classrooms and offices filled with activity on Opening Day 2022. Students and staff definitely brought the sunshine on an otherwise rainy day. A special shout out and thank you to our year-round staff who worked tirelessly over the summer to ensure that the start of the school year was as clean and smooth as possible. We appreciate all that you do! Based on your feedback, Let's Talk TPS will be moving to a bimonthly distribution. Our newsletter will still be sent mid-week and contain news from around and within all of our schools. We hope that this meets everyone's needs. On a personal note, I want to thank everyone who reached out to wish me and Dr. Mamman well as we each prepare to move on to our next adventure. Dr. Mamman will be with us through mid-October and I will be here until December 1, 2022. We remain committed to the forward progress of the district throughout our remaining time in Tenafly so that the transition to a new administration is as smooth as possible. Thank you for your continued support. Yours in Education, Shauna C. DeMarco Superintendent Tenafly Public Schools Upcoming Board of Education Meetings September 19th - Regular Public Meeting October 17th - BOE Work Session _____ The TPS District Calendar Want to find out what events are occurring in your student(s)'s schools? Check out the TPS District Calendar! We have worked hard to ensure that events do not overlap so that you can attend each of your student(s)'s events without another school event conflict! The calendar is updated regularly and you can customize it to see just those events that you wish to see! Want to integrate the district or school calendar with your personal calendar? Directions for that are also on the website! Don't see something that you think should be there or something looks amiss? email info@tenafly.k12.nj.us. _____ Welcome Back Teachers and Staff Opening Day was filled with excitement, school pride, and planning for the new school year. Our staff was hard at work setting up classrooms, creating bulletin boards, and ensuring that everything was just right for our return to school. Thank You For Lending a Hand Our new staff received warm welcomes from throughout the district. Current staff helped our newest team members to settle in, including Smith Elementary's Nurse Rose who popped over to Mackay to help Nurse Sharon Saglimbene get ready for the new school year. Neither Rain, Nor Snow... A big shout out to our fabulous crossing guards who weathered the rain on our first day of school to get all of our students to and from our schools safely! We were very happy to see those yellow raincoats directing us on the safe route to school! _____ Safety First With school back in session and all of our students and staff onsite, we remind everyone to keep a watchful eye for students running to cars or crossing streets. For our walking students, parents please plan a walking route with your student to ensure safe crossing at intersections. For a list of crossing guard locations, visit the Safety Reminders section on our website. Please follow the car line drop off and pick up procedures for each school, and we ask for your patience as our new families learn the process. We encourage parents and students to leave with extra time and ask you to discuss with your children the importance of using sidewalks, staying away from work areas, and following the directions of adults. _____ SAVE THE DATE: In-Person Back-to-School Nights Mark your calendars for this year's Back-to-School Nights! These events will be held in-person at all school levels. Additional details will be available on the district website calendars and will be sent directly to parents from their respective schools. _____ COVID Communications Based on the most recent Governor’s Order, EO 302 and CDC guidance of August 11, 2022, the COVID Guidelines for the 2022-2023 school year have been updated. The current guidelines are available on the TPS Website from the Parents tab. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with the latest TPS guidelines. _____ TMS Students Share Their Talents at Mid-Autumn Festival Students from Tenafly Middle School shared their knowledge, talents, and creativity with the Tenafly Community at the Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration held on Saturday, September 10th. Hosted by the Chinese Parents Association of Tenafly, the event included a traditional fan dance, music, and the telling of "Rabbit with the Moon" by our TMS Chinese Language Class. _____ During the THS Senior Peer Leader Retreat, our student peer leaders decorated empty or outdated bulletin boards around the school, adding to the already welcoming feeling at THS. Well done! _____ _____ _____ Questions/Concerns Do you have questions or concerns related to your child? Please check the school/teacher websites for helpful information. Not finding what you need? Contact your building principal. They are here to help you and can be reached at: * Mackay School - hchizzik@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Maugham School - jferrara@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Smith School - dgeorge@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Stillman School - glander@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Tenafly Middle School - jfabbo@tenafly.k12.nj.us * Tenafly High School - jmorrison@tenafly.k12.nj.us _____ Follow Us! Official District Twitter: @TenaflySchools Official District Facebook: @TenaflySchools Official District Instagram: @TenaflySchools Just launched! Official District TikTok: TenaflySchools Tenafly Public Schools _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly Public Schools. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly Public Schools | 500 Tenafly Rd, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-4500
Good Afternoon - THS 9th Grade Parent Meet & Greet with Guidance on September 22 has been postponed. A notification will go out when it has been rescheduled. Thank you and we are sorry for any inconvenience. THS Guidance Department _____ You are receiving this email because of your relationship with Tenafly High School. If you wish to stop receiving email updates sent through the Blackboard service, please unsubscribe . Tenafly High School | 19 Columbus Drive, Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 201-816-6600
To view this email as a web page, click here TMS HSA NEWSLETTER June 13, 2022 It's Time to Order School Supplies for Next Year! Order your school supplies before 6/19 to receive free home delivery! Your order will contain the exact brand items listed on the approved teacher school supply lists. For more information and to order, click here. GiftCrowd is Back! Looking For An End-Of-Year Gift For Teachers & Support Staff? Look no more! The HSA has once again teamed up with GIFTCROWD to create an easy joint gifting option to help during this holiday season. If you are interested in participating, please Click here. Simply click the "Join" button next to the name of the staff member that you would like to give and follow the instructions. Staff members will receive individual email notification of the total amount collected with the name(s) of the contributors. The deadline for this optional gift drive is Thursday, June 23rd at 1:00 pm. June 2022 21-23: 1/2 Days of School 21: 8th Grade Promotion @ 6:00 23: Last Day of School Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From: Seema S. Sent: Thursday, September 29, 2022 2:48 PM To: Neha Subject: Fw: Inglemoor Newsletter #2 with Important Information for Parents/Guardians of Vikings Neha - this is the typical weekly communication format from Sanika's high school, for an idea. Nothing fancy, but you'll have an idea of the focal areas/content. _____ From: Rebecca Faheem > Sent: Monday, September 26, 2022 6:55 AM To: seesat@hotmail.com > Subject: Inglemoor Newsletter #2 with Important Information for Parents/Guardians of Vikings E Newsletter #2 TABLE OF CONTENTS: Events District News Class Fundraiser Picture Retakes PSAT IB Program Library News Club Activities Drama Update PTSA 9/26/22 Events: Saturday, Oct. 1: Homecoming Dance Wednesday, Oct. 5: UC Application Workshop at 2pm in the Library Thursday, Oct. 6: Avid Parent Meeting at 6:30 in the Library Thursday, Oct. 13: Financial Aid Night at 6p at the PAC Friday Oct. 14: Improve Show at 7pm in the Little Theater IHS Sports Schedule 9/26/22 District News 2022-23 District Required Forms are Due Oct. 14 Sep 19 2022 Annually the District provides parents/guardians with notification of forms that must be acknowledged, including: * WA State Attendance Letter * Rights and Responsibilities Handbook * Weapons Letter * Student Housing Questionnaire * Tech Use Agreement * Permission to Withhold Student Directory Information (optional form) * Parent Fee Waiver Consent Form (optional form) Parents/guardians who have not already signed the forms in ParentVUE will be required to complete them before they can access student grades and other information. If you need help completing these forms, please review this step-by-step guide on the District website. Your school office may also be a helpful resource and could provide either a device to complete these forms electronically or print copies of the forms, if needed. We ask that parents/guardians log in to ParentVUE today to view these forms. If you have never logged into ParentVUE, you will find instructions on how to do so when you click the ParentVUE link above. Once logged in, you will be prompted to download, read, and take action for each of the forms listed. Additionally, secondary students will be prompted to download, read, and acknowledge the Rights and Responsibilities Handbook when they log in to StudentVUE. Families with elementary students are encouraged to review the handbook together in ParentVUE with their students. Again, please refer to this website for the step-by-step guide to completing these forms. These forms must be completed no later than Oct. 14, 2022. 9/26/22 All Classes Welcome! The Class of 2024 is hosting a spirit gear making event this Wednesday, September 28th after school in the cafeteria! All students are welcome to join to make shreds, paint shirts and create tons of spirit gear for the upcoming sports games! 9/26/22 Picture Retake Day Hello Parents! Dorian will be on campus Friday, October 14th from 8:15- 12:30 pm in the multipurpose room. All students who missed pictures earlier this year need to stop by the photographer and have their picture taken. Any student who wants to retake their picture should do so during their lunch. We are still seeking four parent volunteers to help with picture retakes on Oct. 14th from 8:15-10:30 and/or 10:30-12:30. We are very appreciative of any time you might have! You would check students in (give them their card, collect old pictures, etc.) during the retake time. Please use this form to sign up. Contact rfaheem@nsd.org if you have any questions. Thank you so much!! Special Announcement PSAT on Oct 12, 2022 This October we will offer the PSAT at Inglemoor to all of our 10th and 11th grade students, as well as our 9th grade students who sign up for the exam. The exam will go from 8:15 to roughly 11:30. The PSAT is a practice exam for the For more information about the PSAT please see: https://satsuite.collegeboard.org/psat-nmsqt . There will be school activities that morning for the 12th graders and 9th graders who do not take the exam. We will have a modified schedule that day so that the students who are taking the PSAT do not miss any classes. The exact schedule for that day will be coming out in a few weeks. Exam Fee The fee for the exam is 18 dollars. All 10th and 11th grade students have the fee available for payment to their account. If they do not take the exam once paid, the fee will be refunded. 9th graders who sign up will also need to follow the registration directions and pay the fee for the exam. If a student would like help to pay the fee they just need to contact their counselor. 10th and 11th graders All of 10th and 11th graders are already registered to take the exam and have been charged the exam fee. They are all fully signed up for the exam. There will be no 10th and 11th grade classes that morning. 9th grade signup The link below will take you to the sign up for 9th grade students who would like to sign up to take the PSAT this fall. Only the 9th grade students who sign up for the exam by October 1st will be allowed to take the PSAT. www.TotalRegistration.net/PSAT/480101 If you have any questions please contact Shawn Rainwater srainwater@nsd.org. News from the IB Coordinators 9/26/22 IB Exam Registration takes place in the month of October for May exams. Information about how to register will be posted on the IB webpage. TOC Library News 9/26/22 The Library has been talking about BOOKS!! We have had a number of English classes coming in to hear about our great books and check out some for independent reading, as well as class activities. So far, we have checked out just short of 900 books and calculators to students, which doesn't quite reach our record from last year, but still wonderful to get that many books into the hands of our students. Books are checked out for 3 weeks, then they are considered overdue for another 3 weeks before becoming a fine on your student's account. At the beginning of each week, please encourage your student(s) to read their school email for library reminders of overdue material - and for other important school information. Does your student have any textbooks or other school materials at home that need to be returned? You can bring them to us at the IHS Library, and we will get them checked in and returned to the correct school, even if they are from another building or another year. Do you have book fines/fees that need straightening out? Contact Julie Westerbeck at jwesterbeck@nsd.org or Teresa McCausland at tmccausland@nsd.org ASB & Club Events 9/26/22 Homecoming- Our Homecoming Dance will be held this Saturday, October 1st from 7- 10 pm in the IHS gym. All are welcome. Tickets are $20 w/ASB and $25 wlo ASB or if you are bringing a guest. Tickets purchased at the door are $30. All guest dance contracts are due to Mrs. Clawson no later than 3:30 pm on Friday, September 30th and must be completely filled out. Drama Update 9/26/22 Fall play: Puffs Join Wayne, a young boy who becomes a wizard and is sorted into the Puff house. Join in his frustration as their house constantly gets overlooked, they fail at any magic they attempt, and people constantly underestimate their abilities. Though this story sounds familiar, in no way does this show support J.K. Rowling. Our performances are Oct. 28th, 29th, and Nov. 3rd-5th at 7pm, with a matinee at 2pm on Oct 29th. Tickets are $10 with an ASB card and $12 for general admission. A VIP package will also be available and will give you early access to select the seats of your choice and include a signed program from the cast and crew. This package is $15 and is limited to 20 individuals. Tickets can be purchased at the door, through the bookekeeper, or online beginning Monday, October 10.We hope to see you there! Halloween Improv. Match Come join the award winning Impulse Improv team in the Little Theatre at 7 PM on October 14th for our Halloween Match. Come laugh and have fun with us! Tickets are five dollars at the door, through the bookkeeper, or online. See you there! PTSA Update IHS PTSA - UPCOMING MEETING DATES, Join us at our first IHS PTSA Meeting Thursday, September 29th, 2022, at 6:30pm. Welcome by Principal Adam Desautels and General Meeting to follow at 7:00pm in the Library. Mark your calendars for the remainder of the year's meeting dates: Thursday, November 17th, 2022 Thursday, January 19th, 2023 Thursday, March 16th , 2023 Thursday, May 18th, 2023 Thursday, June 8th , 2023 On the agenda reviewing our meeting minutes from out last meeting, updates from our committee chairs, treasurer's report and our Principals update. We look forward to seeing you there! Find information about our IHS PTSA at: https://inglemoorptsa.org/ If you are an Inglemoor related group and want information to go out to the parent community, please email rfaheem@nsd.org . Nondiscrimination Statement: https://www1.nsd.org/nondiscrimination add contact information here Share this email: Manage your preferences | Opt out using TrueRemoveR Got this as a forward? Sign up to receive our future emails. View this email online. 15500 Simonds Road NE Kenmore, WA | 98028-4430 US This email was sent to seesat@hotmail.com. To continue receiving our emails, add us to your address book.
To view this email as a web page, click here Tenafly Middle School- HSA NEWSLETTER September 21, 2022 Messages from HSA Welcome to the 2022-23 School Year Hope your first couple of weeks at school went well and everyone is back to the routine after a great summer... Due to a technical glitch with our Membership ToolKit platform, we sincerely apologize for the delay in sending our newsletter. Join the TMS HSA Board! TMS is currently looking for parent volunteers for the HSA Board for the 2022-2023 school year. Open positions include: * 6th Grade Co-President (incoming 6th-grade parent) * VP of Hospitality (responsible for organizing staff appreciation events) * VP of Fundraising (to help plan and coordinate fundraising) and, * A Secretary (to keep HSA Board minutes). If you would like to volunteer for any of these positions or obtain more information on them or other volunteer opportunities with the HSA, please reach out to tmshsa17@gmail.com ! Messages from TMS Welcome Back! TMS Back-to-School Night-In Person Wednesday, September 21, 2022 Please click the link below for the schedule or come prepared with a printed copy of your student's schedule or you can pull it up on your phone. Since Wednesday is a B day, we will follow the B day schedule which only affects the PE and Integrated Arts classes. The only exception will be performing music. If your student is in the orchestra, band, or chorus, please attend that class even if it meets on A day. Click here for more details. TMS Picture Day Friday, September 23 There are two ways to order: * Order on-line at mylifetouch.com using Picture Day ID: EVTPM9VQX * Students bring in a completed form with the exact payment to hand in on Picture Day Click here for more details Messages from Tenafly Community Upcoming Events Wednesday, September 21 TMS Back-to-School Night Friday, September 23 TMS Picture Day Monday, September 26 Schools Closed (Rosh Hashanah) Tuesday, September 27 Schools Closed (Rosh Hashanah) Wednesday, September 28 7:00p Virtual TMS HSA Open Meeting Follow TMS on Social Follow TMS @ tenaflymiddle Smile.amazon.com We hope you found this email alert helpful, and encourage everyone to get involved in the HSA. We can't make a difference without you! If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please send us an email at TMSHSA17@gmail.com . Tenafly Middle School HSA 10 Sunset Lane, Tenafly, NJ 07670 201-816-4900 This message was sent to lihilutan@gmail.com from Tenafly Middle School HSA. To unsubscribe from this list, click here. If you would like to manage your subscriptions, please visit https://tenaflymshsa.membershiptoolkit.com/user_subscriptions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
